Mike: get….
Tim Sackton: Serious landlord mode going.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: So…
Tim Sackton: We start… Jumping back in time… as… the Magistros of Chardon.
Tim Sackton: What was his name again?
Tim Sackton: Midas, Arena, Or often.
Tim Sackton: Paces back and forth.
Tim Sackton: In a small chamber.
Tim Sackton: Looking at maps.
Tim Sackton: Late at night, and as he… Drifts off to sleep.
Tim Sackton: He gets a message.
Tim Sackton: Sorry, as he drifts off to sleep, he's standing pacing with, Tristan, the wind collar.
Tim Sackton: Who casts a spell, and as he drifts off to sleep, He speaks with… Sorry, Tiberius. He speaks with…
Tim Sackton: I'm just forgetting all the names here.
Tim Sackton: He speaks with Tristan Bright Eyes, the Windcaller who is traveling with you.
Tim Sackton: who tells him that you are moving quickly across the Iran River Basin.
Tim Sackton: And should be arriving in the Chaten Mountains shortly.
Tim Sackton: And from everything he's seen, He's never seen a… more…
Tim Sackton: Confident and put-together group of adventurers.
Tim Sackton: And is quite sure that the Chalai Giant will be… Defeated shortly.
Tim Sackton: And a day passes.
Tim Sackton: And another message… We've made it into the mountains.
Tim Sackton: They just came back from scouting, it sounds terrifying. There's a… Massive lightning tower.
Tim Sackton: Suspended in air.
Tim Sackton: From the lightning tower, thunder rings everywhere.
Tim Sackton: The dwarf artificer Faldrick, is named the captain of this ship. Refused to get close, he… dropped off the…
Tim Sackton: Four of them off, actually.
Tim Sackton: Five of them, because… One of them, Seeker, has a…
Tim Sackton: copy of himself that walks around calling itself Seeker 3, not Seeker 2 for some reason.
Tim Sackton: And…
Tim Sackton: Frederick, anyway, the captain, said he had to retreat and flew back 30 miles till we could just hear the distant echoes of the thunder.
Tim Sackton: But they came back, in high spirits, Saying they hadn't.
Tim Sackton: Suborned and Ogre.
Tim Sackton: And got it to believe in a magic rock controlling its destiny.
Tim Sackton: Which seemed impressive, but even better, managed to speak to a… A giant who apparently
Tim Sackton: Was willing to help, at least to the extent of, keeping the… Ogre miners from
Tim Sackton: Spilling it out of the mine, and attacking them?
Tim Sackton: And they seem excited to… Teleport into the tower tomorrow, and… Destroy this massive death ray.
Tim Sackton: I don't know, Secret the Dwarf, he says he can teleport anywhere in the world, he's never failed.
Tim Sackton: Very impressive.
Tim Sackton: And then… skipping ahead… The magistrate standing, with a few…
Tim Sackton: advisors, Tiberius, the Windcaller, and a handful of others.
Tim Sackton: Around noon, Talking.
Tim Sackton: Seemingly anxious, looking at each other, looking at the sun.
Tim Sackton: wondering until… A message arrives, just a few words.
Tim Sackton: Giant killed.
Tim Sackton: Shaylight, death ray destroyed.
Tim Sackton: Chalite is yours.
Tim Sackton: And cheering erupts as… Plans are put into motion quickly.
Tim Sackton: The magistrate sends… immediately, messengers out.
Tim Sackton: Accusing his own family of corruption, and enabling Fausta, through a dedication to personal profit and greed over the good of the citizens of Empire.
Tim Sackton: Announces that all four
Tim Sackton: of the Chalite families are in breach of the conditions of the Chalite monopoly granted to them.
Tim Sackton: Having allowed Fausto to possess and control large quantities of unlicensed chaos.
Tim Sackton: And that, from now on, processed chele light only be Produced.
Tim Sackton: By the wind pump.
Tim Sackton: Or buyers that they license.
Tim Sackton: Anyone found in possession of Chalite without A wind collar license.
Tim Sackton: would be exiled.
Tim Sackton: As these runners… Travel across the city.
Tim Sackton: Launching the Magistrates' plan into action.
Tim Sackton: Cut back to the edge of a giant crater.
Tim Sackton: in the mountains, Full of the rubble of a massive tower.
Tim Sackton: And… full of… Chaos.
Tim Sackton: Ogres fleeing everywhere.
Tim Sackton: Giants standing around.
Tim Sackton: Trying to bring some order to the scene as one of them approaches you, speaking to the party. This is Bruner, the one you spoke to before.
Tim Sackton: The giants that survived, he says, are leaving the area.
Tim Sackton: We will not linger long, he says, as those who are not dead are desperate to be free of the memories of this place. The ogres are your problem now, but we will bring to justice the remaining Chalite sorcerers who worked for…
Tim Sackton: Drukmir.
Tim Sackton: All that the giants ask, he says, is to be left alone.
Tim Sackton: Many of the stone giants Bruner says, fled east across the Myraneani Gap.
Tim Sackton: to the western edge of the Sentinels when Drukmar took over. And some will go try and find them. Others may remain in Ograthar, what they call this area of the mountains.
Tim Sackton: And many stone giants prefer a solitary life.
Tim Sackton: The chilite is yours. We care not for what is here.
Tim Sackton: And again, he says, all that we ask.
Tim Sackton: Is leave us be.
Tim Sackton: And as the giants begin to leave.
Tim Sackton: The cracked crowns of the…
Tim Sackton: Giants who had served as chalite sorcerers for Drukmar scattered across the ground, the massive 40-foot-long Chalite-studded club that was the weapon.
Tim Sackton: Duke more wielded against you, tossed aside.
Tim Sackton: Dozens of pounds of… Crushed chalite gemstones just lying scattered around, should anybody wish to collect any of it.
Tim Sackton: You, … Prepare to return to Vinjas Arna.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean, gathering some samples for science, you know?
Mike: souvenirs.
Mike: If you want….
Tim Sackton: So…
Tim Sackton: as… Seeker gathers…
Tim Sackton: Some chelite for science, and the rest of you… …
Tim Sackton: Relatively quickly, because it's gonna take some time to subdue the ogres, who are… Currently, completely unwilling to
Tim Sackton: Do anything against the people who
Tim Sackton: destroyed Drukmar, but might regroup in a day or two, at least.
Tim Sackton: Probably not your problem, that's why, …
Tim Sackton: Octavia and Tessis is here to
Tim Sackton: be dropped off in Argento, the nearby city, and take command of the Legion, and lead them here to secure the mine for the Empire.
Tim Sackton: It's… mid-afternoon?
Tim Sackton: And there's nothing on your to-do list. Well, maybe there's some things on your to-do list.
Tim Sackton: So… Things will happen, but… for the moment…
Tim Sackton: You're free to do whatever you want.
Tim Sackton: I'm not necessarily planning on… I mean, I want to move the plot along, so I'm perfectly happy to…
Tim Sackton: You know, dip into a scene or two and roleplay some stuff, but… I don't… I think…
Tim Sackton: It's probably more fun not to spend the whole session on, like, downtime.
Tim Sackton: Stuff is… plot is gonna start happening at some point, but at the moment, now…
Tim Sackton: as, you know, Octavia and Tristan …
Tim Sackton: you know, take their leave of you to go organize the Chardonian forces, and Tristan is actually gonna cross… head across the mountains, and…
Tim Sackton: make contact with the Navy that's currently, still anchored outside of Darbo, which is actually quite close to here.
Tim Sackton: the… Machineries of empire are in motion to ensure that this mine
Tim Sackton: And all the chalite in this area are under the Magisterist's control, and the Magistress's plot to discredit and, …
Tim Sackton: you know, move on from the previous system of cellite control is also happening.
David S. Kong: …
David S. Kong: Wait, before we leave, like, do we have a… how are we communicating with the Magistress again right now?
Tim Sackton: You're not.
David S. Kong: Is there a way to? But we can, like, dream communicate and shit, like.
Mike: Yeah, yeah, I could… we could, we could have a….
David S. Kong: Yeah, basically, I think before we leave, and just be like, oh, hey, I have the chillite, it's like, we send a message to the magistrates being like, hey, mission is accomplished, the Chelight is now… the Chelight Giant has been killed, but then it's also like, give me the fucking deeds on the land that you promised, like, we're not… I'm not… I'm not just gonna, like, leave.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah, I assume Kenzo's gonna want to go back to charting.
David S. Kong: Oh yeah, of course we're going back to charting, but even before we leave the mine.
David S. Kong: Right. I want, I want some guarantees from the, the magistrate, the magistrates that, that.
David S. Kong: The deed for all of those areas, as he promised, is now… has now been transitioned into my name, and that somebody on the ground there in Chardon can verify that all of that has happened before we leave the mine.
Tim Sackton: well, that's… there's no way that's hap… I mean…
Tim Sackton: You can camp out in the mine if you want.
Tim Sackton: This isn't… this will not happen instantaneously.
David S. Kong: He, he just… I mean, he's the emperor. He just has to make some, like, written indication that… that…
David S. Kong: That we are now proceeding with the plan. And that… that, you know… that whatever.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah.
David S. Kong: of deed or whatever is, like, that process is underway, and that people from our side have… are… you know, that the magistrate has given, you know, appropriate written assurances that the shit is happening before we leave. I don't want to, like, leave.
David S. Kong: You know, and just be like, oh yeah, we trust him, you know?
Tim Sackton: I mean, there's a lot of politics.
Tim Sackton: happening here, and….
David S. Kong: Wait, is there, is there hesitate, is there… what's, what's, what's the pop?
Tim Sackton: No, no, no, just, like… You know, he's not…
Tim Sackton: the magister… he's not… he's not… this is not, like, a, you know, absolute monarchy, divine right of kings, like, you know.
Tim Sackton: North Korea dictatorship, right? Like… He's… he's the emperor, but he's not…
Tim Sackton: He still needs to do politics.
Tim Sackton: He needs allies, he can't just complete… he can't just, like, sign a piece of paper and arbitrarily…
Tim Sackton: He needs a pretext, he needs, like, you know, he needs…
Tim Sackton: there's politics. He can't just march the army in and be like, okay, this land is mine now.
David S. Kong: Well, wait, the whole agreement was, we're gonna deliver the Chalite, Emperor's gonna deliver this whole region so that Kenzo can then, you know, re… do… do positive things.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: He's not backing out on the agreement, he's just saying….
David S. Kong: What the fuck is this? There's politics now, but what does that all mean? What is that?
Tim Sackton: It means he can't just wave a magic wand and have this happen instantaneously. It might take a few weeks.
David S. Kong: that's… that's, like, alright, I guess, but there needs to be… like, before we leave the mine, there needs to be… I'm not… I at least don't want to leave here without it feeling like we're… that this is… this process is gonna unfold in a…
David S. Kong: You know what I mean? Like, if it's sort of like, oh, like, we'll just leave, and then they take over the mines, and then it's like, oh, sorry, politics, you guys actually don't get any of the land, you know? That's not an acceptable outcome here.
Tim Sackton: Huh, well, I mean, what does Kanza want to do? You can send a message to the magistrates with, well, you don't have… I mean, Tristan can send a message with sending.
Mike: We can also just talk to him and dream.
Tim Sackton: You can talk to him tonight and dream.
David S. Kong: Perfect.
Tim Sackton: I mean, we've done….
David S. Kong: on the to-do list, I'm just like, like, I definitely don't want… we just spent all this time and effort. I fucking died, you know, like, again, trying… killing this chalai giant, so… you know.
David S. Kong: Make sure, make sure that the, the agreement is good to go before, before we leave.
Tim Sackton: So, you spend the rest of the day kind of cleaning up.
Tim Sackton: Shuttling, you know, flying…
Tim Sackton: Octavia and Tristan sort of a bit south towards the city, just staying a little bit away from the ogres and letting them disperse, rather than having to try to deal with an army of
Tim Sackton: Some hundreds of ogres.
Tim Sackton: And as night falls, you… dealt with Cost's dream.
Tim Sackton: on Kenzo, allowing you to speak with… The Magistress.
David S. Kong: Great. We don't have to roleplay this, but the essence of this is Kendra just wants… wants assurances that the mattress shows… we've done our part of the deal, and how is the mattress demonstrating that he is now upholding his part of the deal?
Tim Sackton: So, he tells you… you know, what… what you heard in the intro, right? He accuses the…
Tim Sackton: Chalite families of… Corruption, and announces they're in…
Tim Sackton: Reach of the conditions of the monopoly.
Tim Sackton: And… essentially is currently daring… so the… the backstory politics is that the… right to…
Tim Sackton: refine and sell Chelight is technically not under the control of the emperor. It's under the control of this Curia of 42, which is, like, the pre-imperial council.
Tim Sackton: And he has basically just dared the Curia to try to stop him from usurping control of the…
Tim Sackton: of the… control of the legal ability to refine and sell chelate.
Tim Sackton: His position is that They're weak, and he's strong, because… Fastale really messed stuff up.
Tim Sackton: And… They… current Chalite families really were.
Tim Sackton: selling, allowing Fausto to… launder money through the Chalite process.
Tim Sackton: and is pretty confident. … but he tries to reassure Kenzo, like, This can't happen.
Tim Sackton: instantly, I need, you know, I need the people on my side, and I need the wind callers, and I need the merchants, and I need…
Tim Sackton: I can't piss everybody off, otherwise…
Tim Sackton: I won't be the emperor anymore, and you'll get nothing. So let this play out, I know politics. His eventual goal is to create
Tim Sackton: the Chelight Refining Corporation, who will have exclusive charter rights to operate Chalate refineries, which will be jointly controlled by
Tim Sackton: a board, an executive board consisting of the wind callers and…
Tim Sackton: An equal number of representatives from a new guild to be established.
Tim Sackton: where the… Guild will be controlled by the current Chalite… workers.
Tim Sackton: And then… Hopefully.
Tim Sackton: Well, either way, he thinks it will work out fine if the…
Tim Sackton: Oligarchs… don't agree to have their rights stripped, then he'll… seized the refineries.
Tim Sackton: As a fine for breach of contract.
Tim Sackton: And you can have them, although….
David S. Kong: I thought, I thought the whole thing was this, the agreement was, we kill the Chalite Giant, and then… wasn't he gonna give, basically, that whole swath of land over to Kenzo?
David S. Kong: All of the.
Tim Sackton: Wow.
David S. Kong: Huh?
Tim Sackton: His… his position was… If the people who own it
Tim Sackton: Start a civil war. They won't own it anymore, and he'll give it to you.
Tim Sackton: He doesn't own it, he can't give you the land. I mean, he could, he just would be risky.
Mike: I thought he promised us that Kenza.
David S. Kong: I feel like this is a lot of, like, bullshit happening.
Mike: There's some backsliding going on.
David S. Kong: This is a lot of, like, we just went and fucking killed a huge-ass Chalai giant, did all this stuff, and now it's like, oh, there's politics, we're not sure. Do we need to kill the Emperor? Kenzo's feeling like he wants to kill the emperor right now.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's a real nice empire he's got, it'd be a shame if anything happened to it.
David S. Kong: I mean.
Mike: I get he has to, like, work through the system, but he did….
David S. Kong: It was pretty cut and dry, right? I think we're all here for that. The emperor's guarantees, like, we're gonna give you the deed, you own all this land.
David S. Kong: like….
Eric Rosenbaum: Did we get it in writing, though?
David S. Kong: The whole thing was kind of like a pretty….
Tim Sackton: Well, he offered to give you any land that he was able to expropriate from the oligarchs.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
David S. Kong: I thought he was giving us the whole land, all… he was giving Kenzo all of the land that, you know, the… the… all of the suffering peoples that, you know, Kenzo grew up with, that whole area, was….
Mike: The implication was that he was gonna expropriate all of the oligarchs' land, because… Right.
David S. Kong: Yeah, because of….
Mike: That there would have to be some sort of conflict, and they wouldn't just… he wouldn't just be like…
Mike: You know.
Mike: The implication was he was gonna try a little bit to expropriate the land.
Tim Sackton: IS trying.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I mean, we can give them a little bit of time to succeed, but… We need to be confident.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Like….
David S. Kong: Yeah, this, this is, this is, this is, again, this is all, it's all feeling a little, Tim, it's all feeling a little, like, not quite as, like, you know, rosy as it was on the other side of this before we had to, before we, like, on, on the agreement side.
Tim Sackton: I mean, what do you want him to do?
David S. Kong: give more assurances, like, you know, be like, hey, we got this, like, we're starting… here's this legal process, like, da-da-da, because, like, I don't… I don't… I definitely don't want to leave this, this, like.
David S. Kong: massive, like, incredibly valuable chay light mine now, totally unguarded for whoever the fuck wants to just roll up, you know? Like, we worked hard to, like, get all this chelite, you know? So….
Eric Rosenbaum: Can we just directly extract it now and put it into some kind of pocket dimension?
David S. Kong: See, now that's what I'm talking about. We just do direct ownership of the whole thing. Let's just… let's work with… let's just stay here and work with, with Seeker and buy the whole thing ourselves.
David S. Kong: This is starting to get a little, little weird.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And if we had some sort of a ray that could cause death to our enemy.
Tim Sackton: Sadly, that was destroyed.
Mike: Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Think about a handheld version.
David S. Kong: Anyways, Tim, this plot part is just, like, it's very simple for Kenzo, he just wants to feel like there's more assurances that what was promised is gonna be delivered upon. This is all getting a little hand-wavy and a little weird right now, so….
David S. Kong: If it's, ….
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I mean, the magistrates likes you guys, he's not trying to downplay you, he's just trying to, you know, explain that he is not…
Tim Sackton: the absolute divine… he does not own all the land in chart, and he is not land….
David S. Kong: What is his estimate… what is his time estimate on, on just when this will start tightening up a little bit more?
David S. Kong: Because we don't have a calendar, so if everybody's down here, just stay up here for, like, a week or two or whatever while we just, like, wait for the politics to play out.
David S. Kong: Like, Kenzo just doesn't want to leave this unguarded chalite mine for whoever the fuck right now. You know, we've done a lot of work here.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, well, I mean, there's a Legion, there's a Chardonian Legion that's marching to the mine right now. Well, that will be marching shortly.
David S. Kong: Okay.
Tim Sackton: from Argento, it'll take them a few days to arrive.
Tim Sackton: I mean, he's not… he's not sure. He's like, you know… A week?
David S. Kong: Alright, we'll wait a- we can wait a week.
Tim Sackton: Let's see what happens, I mean… Look, I could, you know…
Tim Sackton: could use you here, right? I mean, you have contacts in….
David S. Kong: use us? What does that mean? Like, as though we were.
Tim Sackton: from Kenzo, specifically.
David S. Kong: ….
Tim Sackton: He needs… he needs people Who the workers will trust to
Tim Sackton: partner with the Windcallers to establish this new Chelight Refining Corporation.
Mike: I mean….
David S. Kong: What do y'all think?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Like, I think there's limited downsides for us, like, if he doesn't come through… We can escalate.
Mike: I think it's reasonable to go back and help him out for a couple of weeks, and sort of work with him. Give us a chance to evaluate him, see, like… Look, if he's… if he's not…
Mike: If he's… bullshitting us, it'll be a lot easier to tell after we've been working with him for a week or two.
David S. Kong: Alright, that's fine. I mean, and we can always….
Mike: There's some time.
David S. Kong: And at any time, we can always teleport back to the Cheelite vine and kill whoever's there.
Mike: Mean what?
Eric Rosenbaum: Can….
Mike: If we really wanted to risk Seeker's ability to ever cast a wish again, he could cast a wish to make all the chalite in the mountains just disappear.
David S. Kong: Wow.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or, like, form itself into Vinja Sterna 2, which is made of chillite.
Tim Sackton: Would that really be a wish Sika would make, though?
Mike: Well, I mean, probably not.
David S. Kong: It'd be more like transport all of the Chelight to, like, some location that we control, and that we can then do stuff with, so….
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, it forced.
Mike: I mean, or….
Eric Rosenbaum: a new taillight skyship, yeah.
Mike: a new chair-weight starship with a death laser powered by… something?
David S. Kong: Alright, let's go back to Chardon. Can we go back to Chardon?
Tim Sackton: So….
David S. Kong: We work with them for… try to smooth this shit out.
Tim Sackton: So, Vinder Shona returns to Chardon, It takes, like, you know, 3 days… … So that puts us on…
Tim Sackton: So you arrive, like, July 9th.
Tim Sackton: You spend some time, you know, talking to the…
Tim Sackton: you know, the Eightfold Flame folks, Andros, and Red, and Arsino, and people you met, …
Tim Sackton: By… by the time you get back,
Tim Sackton: The… there's, you know, rumors traveling around the city, the…
Tim Sackton: The Magistress has announced the formation of the Imperial Chalite Mining Company, which will have exclusive monopoly rights to mine Chalite in the Chatan Mountains, and also has announced that the
Tim Sackton: … the Patelios and Valdari families.
Tim Sackton: …
Tim Sackton: Are accused of bribery, and all of their refineries and associated land have been summarily seized as a fine.
Tim Sackton: For breach of contract.
Tim Sackton: And for… bribery and corruption.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay… so, therefore….
Tim Sackton: … A few days after you arrive, Well…
Tim Sackton: When you arrive, the magistrate meets with you, He has, now… …
Tim Sackton: Seized ownership of about two-thirds of the refineries and about half of the Land in the…
Tim Sackton: The basin, the… the district outside the walls where most of the
Tim Sackton: Where all of the refining happens.
Tim Sackton: … he is… Ready to sign it over to you.
Tim Sackton: … He would like to… make a trade.
Tim Sackton: He would like to turn over Two of the…
Tim Sackton: Best designed and highest functioning refineries to the wind collars.
Tim Sackton: Because he doesn't think that you're interested in actually running a chalite refinery.
Tim Sackton: And in exchange, give you an equivalent worth of land.
Tim Sackton: in the slums along the Chasa.
David S. Kong: How much land?
Tim Sackton: I mean, it's… It's a good chunk of land, there's…
Tim Sackton: I mean, these are… this is all… Almost everything along this… Stretch of the river is…
Tim Sackton: Low-quality housing. It's, you know, this is like the…
Tim Sackton: even worse area. This is, like, the part of the city that doesn't see any benefit from chelite. It's much worse than where Kenzo grew up.
Tim Sackton: … Unclear exactly how we use…
Tim Sackton: Is getting the land he wants to trade for you, but, …
Tim Sackton: I don't think Kenzo has particular moral qualms about however he might go passing it on.
David S. Kong: I'm sorry, this is, in exchange for… he's getting this land in exchange for what?
Tim Sackton: He wants you to turn over the two best refineries to the wind colors.
Tim Sackton: So that they can then keep operating refineries.
David S. Kong: And what about the workers?
Tim Sackton: well, they're supposedly part of this new Chelight Refining Corporation, he just needs Some help to establish that.
David S. Kong: But why would I give exclusive rights to the Windcallers?
Mike: No, it's giving the wind colors… land.
David S. Kong: So that they can….
Mike: Giving them the existent ownership of the refineries.
Mike: They wouldn't… they wouldn't be the only ones owning refineries.
David S. Kong: Who else would own the refineries?
Tim Sackton: All refineries are gonna be owned by the Chalite Refining Corporation.
David S. Kong: Right.
Tim Sackton: The Chalite Refining Corporation is going to be controlled by a board.
Tim Sackton: That is made up of wind collars and… This new guild.
David S. Kong: And I am the tie-breaking vote of that board.
David S. Kong: And I can, I can also, have anybody… Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Do you… would you like to… are you retiring and staying in Charlton, is his question for you.
David S. Kong: No, no, no, no, so, but that, that, that, tie-breaking vote, will either be voted by myself or somebody, somebody that I appoint.
Tim Sackton: No, you will not have any control of the Chile Refining Corporation.
Tim Sackton: That is not a deal the Magistress is willing to make.
David S. Kong: And his… he wants a deadlocked situation between the wind callers and the workers.
Tim Sackton: No, he will have the final vote.
David S. Kong: … what do y'all think? Do we just destroy all the Jaylight now?
David S. Kong: Or what are we all do? What should we do?
Eric Rosenbaum: Could we, like, split it and get one of the refineries for ourselves, and find someone to operate it as a proxy for us?
Tim Sackton: His… his proposal is that it will be illegal for anybody except the Chely Light Refining Corporation to operate a chalite refinery.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right, right, right, gotcha, gotcha.
Tim Sackton: He would like to destroy most of the refineries, and let you build housing, or nice city blocks, or whatever, because most of them are dangerous and probably shouldn't be operating anyway.
Tim Sackton: But, Chardon is not willing to give up all chelite refinement, so he would like to pick 2 or 3 of the best.
Tim Sackton: highest functioning refineries and turn them over to this Chelight Refining Corporation, and give you, in exchange, equivalent land
Tim Sackton: Elsewhere in the slums.
Tim Sackton: That you can then level and build new housing on, or whatever you want to do it.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think you should take it… What's our goal here?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But I think it's worth asking for…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Or, like, a percentage of the income, even if it's just a couple of percent of the income from the refineries, like, to pay for…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What the cost is gonna be ongoing to, like, remake that section of the city.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Like a, … You know, commissioner or something.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But why not? Because we want….
David S. Kong: Excellent.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Ultimately, we want to remake that part of the city, right?
David S. Kong: Totally, but right now, if the Emperor has the deciding vote, he… they can just, at any point, decide to crush the workers. They could just be like, oh, well, actually, we're gonna take over control of all of the chelight refinery operations. Now the wind callers are gonna run the whole thing, right?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think so, but, like, that's where the labor organizing side of it comes through. Like, if they decide to do that, and labor's really well organized, then they can just stop working.
David S. Kong: But what about all of the, AI, you know, daylight?
Tim Sackton: Natural capabilities that are taking over the whole thing, you know?
Eric Rosenbaum: Right, the workers get replaced by Chile.
Eric Rosenbaum: Zombies, yeah, exactly.
David S. Kong: This still feels like a weird deal, y'all.
David S. Kong: I don't know.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, since when are we city planners? Like, what's our goal here? Do we want to rebuild?
David S. Kong: Oh, no, no.
Eric Rosenbaum: Sitting ourselves.
David S. Kong: Kenzo is, I mean, like, remember for Seeker, this is… this is like the neighborhood Kenzo grew up in, with all of his, like, you know, this is like the… this is like the proletariat, you know, these are, like, the people that have been fucked over by all the Chalite.
David S. Kong: So, the whole point of us going to, like.
David S. Kong: kill the Chalite Giant was to bring, you know, power and dignity back to this neighborhood. And so, if now we're saying, okay, the two biggest employers in that area are gonna be these chelite refineries, but the, the, … they are not… they don't have a deciding vote? That doesn't feel….
Eric Rosenbaum: You skipped the part about our building a superweapon.
Eric Rosenbaum: tear.
Mike: Doweth….
David S. Kong: What does Dala think?
Mike: Well, Dalith actually doesn't want to get too embedded into Chardonian local politics.
Mike: Right.
David S. Kong: Well, that….
Mike: I, I think….
David S. Kong: Like, what's a better deal? Because we have leverage, you know? We're fucking super powerful adventurers, and we do crazy shit? So it's like, you know.
Mike: I think we're better positioned to help out the magistrate.
Mike: get…
Mike: firm control here. I don't think there's any harm in throwing something to the wind and helping, you know, and…
Mike: letting the wind collars… get some power. I think we want to make sure that there's a…
Mike: I would say our goal should be to try and make sure that there's a power base within the Chalite industry that can oppose… that's… that at least has some loyalties to us.
David S. Kong: Here, here, here, here, here's the solution, here's the solution, here's the solution, Tim. Here.
David S. Kong: There's 2 refineries, right?
David S. Kong: The two best ones?
Tim Sackton: Well, I mean, he wants to…
Tim Sackton: it'll take some time to, like, go through each one. He needs to… he needs you to hook… connect him with some of the workers. The wind collar's gonna go in some number, 2 or 3 of the…
Tim Sackton: However many are actually safe to operate and, you know.
David S. Kong: Okay, this is, this is much.
Tim Sackton: Solid foundation.
David S. Kong: basically that this is how it's gonna work, okay? Any… the refineries that come online, okay?
David S. Kong: The refineries… each respective refinery will be run…
David S. Kong: majority by either… with a majority vote, either by the wind callers or by the, by the, you know, whatever, the workers' labor union, the Chelight Labor Union over here. But they're gonna have… it's not gonna be every single one, the wind callers have the deciding vote. It'll be, like, you know.
David S. Kong: Refinery A.
David S. Kong: They'll be split half to half.
Tim Sackton: No.
Tim Sackton: The Magistress does not… have no interest in… the plan is not to create a bunch of competing refineries. There will be a single entity that…
Tim Sackton: controls every refine… that owns… that is the only legal entity to refine. We're not talking about control of the refineries themselves, we're talking about the…
Tim Sackton: Shalite Refining Corporation.
Tim Sackton: The composition of the board of the Chalite Refining Corporation.
David S. Kong: Yeah, I mean….
Mike: The board of the Chandler Finding Corporation should have…
Mike: 3 members of the Wing Cult, let's see, if it's a 9-member board, …
Mike: It should be the Emperor, 3 members of the Windcallers, … Three members of, the….
David S. Kong: Liberian.
Mike: the labor union.
David S. Kong: And Kenza.
Mike: No, not Kenzo. It should then be a, …
Mike: Somebody from the university who is sort of a safety… has a safety-minded, like, willing to… willing to say no to, you know, super dangerous misuse of chelate.
Mike: Right? And we should appoint the first one of those.
Mike: And then we need somebody else, like the.
Eric Rosenbaum: be like, ….
Mike: …
Mike: somebody from outside the industry, right, who doesn't have a direct stake in the industry at all, somebody who represents Charta in itself.
David S. Kong: Meh.
Eric Rosenbaum: The Thalmeturgical Responsibility Officer.
Mike: Yeah, exactly. The thaumaturgical responsible, the AI safety officer, right? And somebody who's gonna represent Chardon itself.
Mike: Who's gonna, like, represent the… not the workers in the chelight industry, but who's gonna represent the… the sort of…
Mike: ….
Tim Sackton: I mean, the Emperor's happy….
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
Tim Sackton: to discuss… if you'd like to… I don't think there's any reason to spend a lot of session time negotiating corporate structure, I don't think it's that interesting. He's happy to.
Eric Rosenbaum: It should really be a non-profit.
Eric Rosenbaum: Actually….
Tim Sackton: Although, I mean… the… the… The Emperor is ultimately the one who both… who appoints people to the board.
Tim Sackton: So…
Tim Sackton: Like, ultimately, this is the Emperor's, and at some level, you just have to… you either just have to be like, screw you, we're blowing up the deal, or trust him.
Tim Sackton: He's not gonna create a imperially chartered corporation that he doesn't control.
Tim Sackton: I mean, that's just not how these things would work.
Tim Sackton: But he's happy to…
Tim Sackton: give you… he's… he's already asked you to tell him who to appoint for the… from the Workers Guild for the first…
Tim Sackton: members, and he's not gonna disagree, and he's happy to… he's happy to negotiate whatever corporate structure you're willing to do.
Tim Sackton: But he is not gonna… he is…
Tim Sackton: Unegotiables are… he… it is an imperially chartered corporation, he is the one who appoints the members.
Tim Sackton: of the board, and he's not gonna give Kenza the designing vote, unless you would like to move to Chardon and stay here and work.
Tim Sackton: You know, make this your… your…
Tim Sackton: goal, right? He's not gonna have an absentee adventurer who is…
Tim Sackton: Supposedly on the board, but just drops in every now and then to… You know, kick stones around.
Tim Sackton: We would appoint you as the chairlight safety officer if Kenzo retired.
David S. Kong: Fuck that, like.
Tim Sackton: Kento's gotta retire.
David S. Kong: There's no, there's no, there's no chainlight safety officer.
Mike: What's Kendall?
David S. Kong: Wait, wait, hold on, wait, no, no. Kenzo's gonna be, Kenzo's gonna be, chairman emeritus when he, when he retires, when he comes back, which is gonna be in, like.
David S. Kong: A year? Like, how much longer… like, we're in the last…
David S. Kong: Basically, this shit, right? This is Kenzo's, like, like, you know, like, gotta do right by his neighborhood type of shit. You know, this is his, like, legacy project, so yeah. So Kenzo's gonna come back, and he'll run the corporation. He will… he will do that upon the completion of this next arc of our adventure, whatever that is. So Kenzo is basically, like…
David S. Kong: this, this, like, current governance structure is fine, and then basically in a year's time, let's say, Kenzel will… will come back and will, will run, run the thing.
Tim Sackton: I mean… Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's something Kenzo can, you know, in the epilogue, that can be something Kenzo does.
David S. Kong: Perfect. ….
Tim Sackton: But, you know… It's not gonna pre-negotiate, like…
Tim Sackton: I mean, who's gonna kick off the board to replace Kenza? Like, I mean….
David S. Kong: No, he'll add me. He'll add me. Like, because, like, right now, if it's, like, 50-50, and he's currently the deciding vote, right? Then, when Kenzo comes back and it's 50-50, Kenzo will be.
Tim Sackton: But is… I'm just stepping out of game for a sec. Like, what is the… what is the point of this? Because….
David S. Kong: The point is….
Tim Sackton: We're at loggerheads a little bit, because the, you know, the in-world, the Emperor…
Tim Sackton: likes and trusts Kenzo, but is not going to create an organization that Kenzo controls.
David S. Kong: Right.
Tim Sackton: And it sounds like Kenzo wants an organization that Kenzo specifically controls, and I'm just… is that actually your goal?
David S. Kong: Kenzo's goal is to make sure that the… the… his neighborhood doesn't get fucked again.
David S. Kong: And right now, this is all set up in a way where they can get fucked again, like, very easily. Like, if the Emperor just needs, like, a little Machiavellian earworm that's like, oh yeah, like, you know, go do a bunch of bullshit, and then it's all over, right? So, currently, actually, like, Kenzo's peoples, they actually have no… like, their safety is completely dependent upon the Emperor, like, being cool with them.
David S. Kong: And that's, like, not… there's no… there's no other structural kind of way that they can be safe right now.
David S. Kong: So that's, like, that's, like, not a gift.
Mike: You should ask the Emperor. It's actually a good… Deleth will take the opportunity to actually, you know.
Mike: Ask the Emperor.
David S. Kong: What?
Mike: let me finish my sentence. The…
Mike: So, obviously, we're concerned about power structures and the corruption of power, right?
Mike: And our goal in, you know, we went through the whole thing with Apollyon, right? You went through the whole thing with the cleansed, right?
Mike: How can you… we… what?
Mike: We're not trying to keep him from having control, but we're trying to set up a structure so that it's very difficult for…
Mike: a new emperor to come in.
Mike: To make it more difficult for a new emperor to come in and…
Mike: take things back to where they were. To make the oligarchs, you know, stage a coup against him, and screw the people. To make, you know, the head of the Windcallers, when they get enchanted by some evil dragon, and start causing trouble behind the scenes. How to make a structure that's safe.
Mike: in a world like this, that… that where our goal is, we did all of this to protect these people, right? So how to give them some actual power, so they can resist if something goes.
Eric Rosenbaum: But there is a totally different possibility, which is to literally use corruption to allow the Emperor to believe he has the type of top-down control
Eric Rosenbaum: describing.
Eric Rosenbaum: while carving out the region that Kenza wants to control through multiple layers of the bureaucracy and pull the strings externally. Wow.
Mike: Deleth is actually asking the Emperor this.
David S. Kong: Yeah, that's good. What's our… what were the Emperor's ideas? Like, how's he gonna help us out? How's he gonna… how's he gonna.
Mike: Like, we did this to protect the people, we did this to redeem our… Good questioning, good questioning, Dallas. What's the Emperor's response?
Tim Sackton: I mean, his response is basically, look, if I die tomorrow, Yes, your people are screwed.
Tim Sackton: Or they might be, there's nothing I can do.
Tim Sackton: But if you get enough time.
Tim Sackton: they will not be poor. The whole point of giving them control of the corporation It's specifically because…
Tim Sackton: That gives them more… That gives them a… A cut of the prophet.
Tim Sackton: And then it's up to them to use that power to… Not be defenseless.
Tim Sackton: Like, there's not… there's no organization that you can make.
Tim Sackton: That is gonna resist Infiltration by a determined evil dragon, or… a determined… you know.
Tim Sackton: If my successor is determined to crush the… Che light.
Tim Sackton: workers of Chardon, there's nothing that we can do to create a…
Tim Sackton: Organization that will be impervious to that destruction.
Tim Sackton: The only thing that we can do is….
David S. Kong: Enjoy the effort.
Tim Sackton: as they're.
David S. Kong: We destroy the monarchy, and we end your rule. That's like that. That's one thing we can do.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well, I… I think, though.
David S. Kong: Like, we're….
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We're looking in the wrong….
Tim Sackton: It's not gonna protect you against an evil dragon.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Like, looking in the wrong place, like, there's…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): There's no structure that we can make.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Where someone else is gonna protect them for them.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But, like, that's what the union is for. Like, that's what… that's the power of organized labor.
Tim Sackton: is….
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): To have control over…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Like, what the production is. So if they can stop production at any time, it doesn't matter if there's an evil emperor or dragon or whoever else.
Tim Sackton: Whole point, Kenzo.
Tim Sackton: Is that for centuries, for 100 years, the oligarchs have had no interest
Tim Sackton: In investing in the very heart of the…
Tim Sackton: City where their profits are made.
Tim Sackton: They've invested elsewhere.
Tim Sackton: If the people who… refine the chalite and build that wealth, have a share of the…
Tim Sackton: Profits of that wealth.
Tim Sackton: Who? I can't magically make them protect themselves, but they will have the chance.
Mike: Who… who controls…
Mike: So, I don't know if we know this in-game, so I'm not asking in-game yet, but the magic… like, who's allowed to use Chili?
Tim Sackton: So, historically, … There wasn't much restrictions.
Tim Sackton: It was only… the only restrictions were on refining. There was a monopoly on refining, but anybody could just buy the Cheelite.
Tim Sackton: The Emperor is also proposing That.
Tim Sackton: only licensed users can use ChainLite.
Mike: So, who, like, who, like, controls magical power in Charted, right? Like, presumably there's some….
Tim Sackton: Not just mix.
Tim Sackton: The Emperor's Legion, the Mage Guard, the magical legions of the Emperor are the primary, but also the Hetteri Magica, who are currently heavily discredited because they were deeply infiltrated by
Tim Sackton: Fasto. And then the Windcallers separately control magic in the Navy.
Tim Sackton: But also enforce some magical rules around the ports.
Tim Sackton: So it's like 3 overlapping jurisdictions, but fundamentally, it's the mage guard.
Tim Sackton: Whoa.
Tim Sackton: directly to the Emperor.
Mike: That's amazing.
Tim Sackton: The main reason why the Emperor is the Emperor is because the Emperor controls the Mage Guard, and the Mage Guard is the source of all their power.
Mike: So, we should allow… the… …
Mike: We should… we should propose that the Che-White Union.
Mike: be allowed a certain limited-about-out amount of, magical counterweight to the Mageguard.
Mike: You gotta think of exactly… I don't know exactly how that work… how it, like… like, is it… does it work because if you're a resident of Chardin with… who's a powerful enough magician, you have to be, sort of, part of the…
Mike: major… like, like, what… I don't know what the mechanism is, so it's hard to propose.
Tim Sackton: Right, well, when you first… when you first came to Chartan, there was, like, a whole list of the spell, you know.
Mike: Right.
Tim Sackton: legal magic. Enchantment and illusion… enchantment and illusions intended to deceive or conceal are illegal.
Tim Sackton: And there's just, like, people who patrol with the tech magic up and are like, got you.
Mike: Right, but that's more law enforcement, right? Like, you don't necessarily want to say, well, you're allowed to just go cheat people, but, like…
Mike: Kat, what's the… Like, what's stopping a group of…
Mike: 20 wizards getting together and being like.
Mike: I don't know what, exactly, right? Like, what's, like, is there an actual…
Mike: discouragement or illegality in, like, wizard guilt, separate from the mage card?
Mike: Like, how do you get trained Like… like….
Tim Sackton: No, not particularly.
Mike: Do you have to… Because it seems to me like the strongest way that the laborers could actually have
Mike: Their own power source is actually to have… their own power base is actually to have access to powerful magic.
David S. Kong: So, I actually like this idea. I like this idea a lot, and I don't want to belabor this, we can move on.
Mike: Yes.
David S. Kong: But, but, okay, so here, so what's the profit-sharing proposal from the Emperor?
Tim Sackton: Whoa.
Tim Sackton: So, this is supposed to be determined by the board, although he will give you a promise that he will not interfere. He will abstain from the vote.
Tim Sackton: So, the wind colors and the guild owners and the guild workers will have to come to an agreement that at least
Tim Sackton: You know, that they all agree on, because he will abstain, so he can't side with the wind callers. They're gonna have to come to some consensus on how profit sharing works.
David S. Kong: Okay.
David S. Kong: ….
Tim Sackton: But he doesn't… he's not interested in determining this. It's up to them.
Tim Sackton: But he's not gonna interference.
David S. Kong: Does it feel like something like 50-50 is gonna work, or is it gonna be some, like, Windcaller, like, you know….
Mike: Well, no, if it's 3 and 3 and he abstains, they're gonna have to get….
Tim Sackton: on the board, the three appointees, the WinCaller appointees, and the Guild appointees are gonna have to agree to something.
David S. Kong: That's what I'm saying, but, like, is there… does it seem like there's an indication that, like, at least, like, a 50-50 profit share is, like, on the table here?
Tim Sackton: He has… he is not interested in how profit sharing is controlled.
David S. Kong: I understand that he's gonna take.
Tim Sackton: Intact.
David S. Kong: This is Kenzo's, like, you know.
Tim Sackton: Well, I mean, the people… Kenzo can talk to the people who….
David S. Kong: Yeah. The Magistress is gonna appoint.
Tim Sackton: The three workers who you tell them to appoint.
David S. Kong: Field.
Tim Sackton: board. And what do they want? So, I don't know, like, I don't….
David S. Kong: It's a simple thing, like, is the vibe, like, something like a 50-50 split between the workers and the wind callers, like, feel like it's on the table? Something like that?
Mike: I, I actually think we should… we should get the, …
Mike: put… the workers, I think, should get 60. I think… I would… I would go for 64.
David S. Kong: Well, so what I was gonna say here is this, okay? The workers obviously get as much as they should want, but I actually agree with what you're saying about the, adding more, like, magic-using capabilities and infrastructure and stuff like that.
David S. Kong: So this is kind of, like, a bit of a wild card, but, like, what if we, like, … what if there's, like, a, like, a way for, …
David S. Kong: either outsiders that have, like, magic ability, or, like, more… or whatever, just to, like, exactly like you were saying, like, kinda… you know, or if there's, like, a training program, or some way to just… just give the, the, that, that group more… more actual…
David S. Kong: Magic power.
David S. Kong: I think that's a great idea.
Tim Sackton: I mean, remember, chelight is actually extremely dangerous to use, and lots of people who use it untrained end up burning out their minds and turning into zombies.
Mike: It's not that I want them to start, you know, going on, it's that…
Mike: I think I should try and set up….
Tim Sackton: The Magisterist is not trying to cheat you here, right? Like, metagame, he's not trying to screw you over.
Tim Sackton: It's just complicated, and he's trying to establish a system that's going to be stable and work, and not…
Tim Sackton: you know, Kenza's the boss.
Tim Sackton: And that still maintains the power… the power base of the empire, right? So, like… but he doesn't care about the money, because the Chalite
Tim Sackton: the Imperial Chalite Mining Company is gonna make him all the money he could ever want, right? They're the ones who are mining the company, the chelight, and that's completely under his control.
Tim Sackton: So, you spend some time negotiating the exact details of the negotiating. This takes a few weeks, right? Kenzo and Delweth are negotiating with the magistrates, and you bring in your…
Tim Sackton: You know, your various people from the old neighborhood, you talk to people, people bring up ideas.
Tim Sackton: Basic principles.
Tim Sackton: that the wind collars and the Cheelite Refiners Guild should have
Tim Sackton: an equal say on the board, and should determine amongst themselves how the profits of cellite refining are split and invested.
Tim Sackton: that…
Tim Sackton: any refineries that are safe should be given to the Chalite Refining Corporation in exchange for equivalent amount of land to be gifted to Kenzo to dispose of of how he wishes. And that…
Tim Sackton: the…
Tim Sackton: Goal of the negotiation should be to give the workers a way to build a power base that will be…
Tim Sackton: Their own, and basically raise their…
Tim Sackton: you know, raise the standard of living of their part of Chardon.
David S. Kong: Yes.
Tim Sackton: and give them control over investment. Everybody agrees on exactly how to get there is not straightforward, but I don't want to….
David S. Kong: Come on.
David S. Kong: And also, the Emperor, as part of an act of goodwill, is making contributions from imperial coffers separate from this revenue stream for public works, you know, cleaning up of chelite, blah blah blah blah blah.
Tim Sackton: Well, the Emperor's been doing that for… since he took over, right? I mean, that's the… that was the whole…
Tim Sackton: thing where the… the chelate-powered felons were just installed on the Chelight levels, like, 2 years ago, and everybody's happy about it. It was one of the first things he did.
Tim Sackton: He's not planning on stopping doing that.
David S. Kong: Oh, but he's gonna, like.
Tim Sackton: Probably do more, because he's got more money now, right?
David S. Kong: Yeah, well, he's gonna 10x that, irrespective of the profits that come out of this whole refinery process. So he… and he's gonna be celebrated for it, because he's gonna be, you know, the…
David S. Kong: The dude that's the… he's gonna be, … what's his name again?
David S. Kong: What's his name again? The Magistress?
Tim Sackton: Midas.
Tim Sackton: Midas are rotten.
David S. Kong: Yeah, so he's gonna be Midas the, … Midas the Merciful, or whatever the fuck. He's gonna, you know, he's gonna be the dude that's, like, uplifting all the… the poverty and things. People are gonna be super happy.
Tim Sackton: His goals are not….
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Nothing he touches is gonna turn to gold.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's… or taillight, or whatever.
David S. Kong: Alright, great. Alright, cool. Sounds good.
Tim Sackton: So, this takes, like, some… some weeks of negotiation.
Tim Sackton: that Kenzo is involved in fairly heavily.
Tim Sackton: Shuttling back and forth, like, talking to the magisters, talking to the wind callers, talking to the…
Tim Sackton: you know, the refiners working out the land deal. I don't… are you just… is Kenzo just gonna be a landlord for a ton of people, or are you giving land away?
David S. Kong: … Kenzo? Like, he's figuring out, like, you know, he's got his friends and people that he trusts, so he's try- he's gonna set up a little, a little, …
David S. Kong: You know, a little operation of people that he trusts to manage things while he's away.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, oh, God, you need to make a bookstore.
David S. Kong: Oh, there's even more than a bookstore. We're doing… we're doing all the things. This is gonna be a totally, you know…
David S. Kong: Artist cooperatives, it's gonna be, it's gonna be the, the, the, the, the dream.
Eric Rosenbaum: A strolling community center with a, like, a.
Tim Sackton: I mean.
Eric Rosenbaum: I lied to like that.
David S. Kong: Land is….
Tim Sackton: Right, most of this land is… is slums right now. It's like slum apartments. Or it's rubble, because it was destroyed in the fighting.
David S. Kong: Yeah. Kenzo, the first, like, bunch of years of his retirement, is gonna come here, and he's just gonna live here, and make this awesome. That's what he's gonna do.
David S. Kong: And then he's gonna go to the inside place and work with that dude that he said he was gonna train.
Tim Sackton: Whoa, you gotta do that. He's gotta….
David S. Kong: he's gonna come looking for you if you don't do something in, like, 6 to 10 months. Yeah, that's gonna happen.
Tim Sackton: And plus, whatever happened to Kenza's girlfriend in Tolin, you just forgot about her, I guess?
David S. Kong: She's gonna get brought, she's gonna come and help. She's gonna help on this whole thing.
Tim Sackton: … So, Kenzo spends a few weeks on this,
Tim Sackton: What's everybody else? Is there anybody else doing anything downtime-y?
Mike: Ella does two things. One, help out with these negotiations, potentially by, like, you know, casting glibness and being super persuasive where it's useful. ….
Eric Rosenbaum: I think we'll study, chelate engineering and refinery processes.
Mike: But actually, Delith has a second goal, which is… ask her, I want to find out what hap- we sort of dropped the whole thread of finding out what happened to the elves.
Eric Rosenbaum: abundance.
Mike: Well, Delic's gotten a little curious.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Tim Sackton: That you're gonna ask around.
Mike: Yeah? I mean, I don't actually want you to give me an answer right now, but during downtime, Delith is gonna, like, investigate a little bit.
Mike: what happened to the owl, you know…
Mike: try and… especially now that we have access to all kinds of high-level people, and Chardon's not.
Mike: Scary?
Mike: you know… Try and find out.
Mike: Any leads or rumors, or… Things that could be followed up on later, if it became.
Tim Sackton: And it's… what does Wellbe want to do?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We're going to the Plane of Fire next? I think… If there's any, like, …
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You understand, like, what are we gonna find there?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So, trying to research any of that, or…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): talk to people at the University of Bend, or find maps of….
Eric Rosenbaum: how to get around, but….
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): just what.
Eric Rosenbaum: Extremely charred maps.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And yeah, anything about what we're getting ourselves into there is one. And then, I think the other thing that he's working on is, …
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Like, working with, like, the halfling storytellers and setting, like, the whole, … Saga of Apollyon to Verse?
Tim Sackton: That's a good idea.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think, like, getting back… getting back in touch with Hafen. Like, it's been a while since he's been…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Sort of deep in the… in the culture of this people, so….
Tim Sackton: There's… there's a lot of halflings passing through Chardin.
Tim Sackton: A lot of them that live here. So the weeks pass.
Tim Sackton: Seeker spends his time doing research.
Tim Sackton: Kenzo…
Tim Sackton: with Dawas' help, or negotiating back and forth, and hammering out the structure of this new chainlight organization. And over the course of, you know.
Tim Sackton: 3 weeks… the…
Tim Sackton: Chardin seems to settle down a little bit. The Curia is not willing to… this council is not willing to press the Emperor, and…
Tim Sackton: The…
Tim Sackton: the Magistros and the wind callers are increasingly popular among the common people, especially on the North Bank, and of course, Kenzo going back and forth, speaking for the people and talking to the Emperorous… Emperor… the Magistros helps, too.
Tim Sackton: …
Tim Sackton: So negotiations continue. The news comes that the Imperial Chalite Mining Company is now, setting out for their first expedition into the Chata Mountains. The ogres haven't been dealt with.
Tim Sackton: The formation of the Chilet Refining Corporation is hammered out to the satisfaction of the… of the workers,
Tim Sackton: Two of the four oligarch families, the…
Tim Sackton: Petalus and the Veldari decamp entirely from Chardin, threatening to establish their own refining base in Volterra.
Tim Sackton: … The Aratin have lost, and the Kaldorian families have lost a lot of money.
Tim Sackton: As their… the destroyed refineries have been seized as… refines as discussed.
Tim Sackton: But so far, while there's rumors of unrest in the provinces that start to reach you after, you know, 3, 4 weeks.
Tim Sackton: Things Uncharted, at least, seem to be… common… the first… Shalite refining under the…
Tim Sackton: auspices of the new Chelight Refiners Guild.
Tim Sackton: Which has required a lot of negotiations among the workers themselves, there's the dock workers who unload the ore, there's the refiners who actually process the shaleite, there's smelters, there's a lot of people involved in this trade, and so there's a lot of negotiations that Kenzo and Dell with help lead smoothly.
Tim Sackton: 3 weeks, slowly drifts into 4, it's easy to get consumed by this.
Tim Sackton: news eventually comes from Dunmar of a Of the treaty that…
Tim Sackton: formalizes the peace between Dunmar and Chardon.
Tim Sackton: Darba is seated to Chartan as a free port.
Tim Sackton: But Chardon has agreed to pay.
Tim Sackton: essentially buy it from Dunbar.
Tim Sackton: paying… what's… Politely called a… …
Tim Sackton: Transfer fee or whatever, but in practice is actually reparations for the damage caused by the ill-advised, and…
Tim Sackton: misunder… the misled attack on Dunbar due to Fausto's machinations.
Tim Sackton: The country of Donmar itself seems to have fractured into two, with Sura taking… Command of the…
Tim Sackton: northern and central parts of the country, and Carnos remaining in control of
Tim Sackton: the areas south of Darva with the new Freeport as kind of a buffer zone between them.
Tim Sackton: And life continues as the… summer… turns from July to August.
Tim Sackton: things in Chardon…
Tim Sackton: you know, are seeming to calm down a little. Kenza's pretty happy with the state of the negotiations here.
Tim Sackton: … the… boards, the board of the refining Corporation has been appointed, and there's been negotiations about investments, and…
Tim Sackton: a lot of conversation between the board and chart and Kenzo about Invest, you know, essentially.
Tim Sackton: Buying back some of the properties that you now technically own, and using the…
Tim Sackton: Proceeds, rather than giving you wealth to Rebuild a bunch of apartments.
Tim Sackton: That are basically collapsed.
Tim Sackton: Until one morning on August 6th, as you're feeling like things are mostly winding down, although there's still a little bit of negotiation to do.
Tim Sackton: Well, I'll be… oh, I should say, during this time also, I assume you've been continuing to,
Tim Sackton: talk to…
Tim Sackton: Hector and Vola, who you kind of forgot about. But Hector has finally sort of come out of his shell enough. He doesn't really remember his past life, but he's ready to step out of the mirror, and he…
Tim Sackton: is… Open to joining your crew as a… Singer and brawler, trainer.
Tim Sackton: If you'll take him.
Tim Sackton: Vola wants to… Travel, but not with you.
Tim Sackton: she's still… Shaken by the whole betrayal.
Tim Sackton: The process of… Learning that… of being essentially sold into slavery by her father figure.
Tim Sackton: And… just wants to explore. She's planning on going to Aporia, and just seeing what's there.
Tim Sackton: So she takes her leave of you.
Tim Sackton: And a couple days after these events, Welby, you hear a…
Tim Sackton: Voice in your pocket that you haven't heard for a while.
Tim Sackton: As your sending stone chimes, and you hear Sura's voice saying, Welby?
Tim Sackton: Anybody?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yes, sir.
Tim Sackton: air.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, what's up?
Tim Sackton: I'm glad I reached you.
Tim Sackton: A few hours ago, A rider came… from the north.
Tim Sackton: place called the Alliance Arbez.
Tim Sackton: You know this?
Tim Sackton: It's north of us, if you follow the Dunbar-Massail Road up towards Sambara.
Tim Sackton: Maybe you passed through there when you were traveling south some years ago?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
Tim Sackton: The news was not good, and there was a letter Addressed specifically to you.
Tim Sackton: I told the rider I would send it along, but he said…
Tim Sackton: No, Marcello would kill me if you didn't.
Tim Sackton: Open it and read it directly, given that you apparently had some magic means of communication.
Tim Sackton: So, I read it to you now.
Tim Sackton: Dear Welby and companions.
Tim Sackton: I knew you had a good soul when you helped me flee Cadmos, and the rumors of your deeds since have only confirmed what I saw then.
Tim Sackton: The tales we have heard in the Alliance Lands are garbled and fantastical, and I'm not sure I believe it all.
Tim Sackton: But if even half of it is true, I hope you will hear my plea. Now, I have no right to ask more of you, for you gave me a new life I never could have had otherwise, a new family and a new home.
Tim Sackton: I right now in tower for this new home I have built on the Orbez Plateau among the rangers and the generous, kind souls who have built the life of this harsh but beautiful land is threatened.
Tim Sackton: Last night, a scouting party returned from deep in the Plaguelands with frightening news of a large Hobgoblin army on the march, heading for us.
Tim Sackton: We know not when they will reach alliance lands, but our leaders fear the worst. It may be as little as 2 weeks until they are on our doorstep that we pray for more time to prepare.
Tim Sackton: Already the militias are mustering, and calls for aid have gone out on fast horses in all directions.
Tim Sackton: We will not meet them unprepared, but bearing some miracle, or fear our brave but untrained farmers and herders have little hope against such a force.
Tim Sackton: I have heard stories of you sailing through the air in a ship made of stone and instantly appearing where you are needed in the blink of an eye.
Tim Sackton: I pray that if ever legends were true, it is these that be so.
Tim Sackton: Please help us, with all haste, if you possibly can.
Tim Sackton: The Refounded Alliance of Arbus needs whatever aid it can get. I know not where I will be when you get this letter. I hope it reaches you.
Tim Sackton: But you can seek news at Arsenberg, where there is some hope the newly will
Tim Sackton: Built walls will hold back the Dane Jar, and any of the watchtowers along the escarpment of the plateau.
Tim Sackton: I write to you in desperation and fear, and pray the eight divines find a way for your… for my message to reach your hearts, and all faith and hope, Marcella.
Tim Sackton: July… 29th.
Tim Sackton: I spoke to the messenger, so it says.
Tim Sackton: get ridden… Fast and hard over the passes.
Tim Sackton: Two horses lame.
Tim Sackton: Riding across the monsoon… … Plains north of here.
Tim Sackton: And as I said, just reached just hours ago.
Tim Sackton: this… News is already…
Tim Sackton: More than 8 days old.
Tim Sackton: I am… mustering what troops I can, but…
Tim Sackton: There's no way we can cross the mountains and… 6 days, or less.
Tim Sackton: I fear that we will just ride upon a… Hobgoblin-ridden wasteland.
Tim Sackton: I know a few people who could cover that ground.
Tim Sackton: That quickly.
David S. Kong: Sorry, who's asking.
Tim Sackton: There's anything you can do.
David S. Kong: Who's asking for this help?
Tim Sackton: Marcella?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): How long would it take to get there in Vinvacharna?
Tim Sackton: That is a good question. … So, from Chardon…
Tim Sackton: I mean, so… so Wellbe does… you did ride through here. This is the… the road….
Tim Sackton: Is it… Oops, I'm not on Roll20, but it should be on the Roll20 map.
Tim Sackton: It's the… it's the… settlements and region that's along the road that goes from Sambara to Dunbar.
Tim Sackton: From….
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Straight east of where we are right now.
Tim Sackton: From Chardon, it's, yeah, it's a straight shot east.
Tim Sackton: And you're talking about something like…
Tim Sackton: … 11 to 1,200 miles, depending on exactly where you're aiming.
Tim Sackton: So, if we're saying, say, 1170 is what I just clicked, …
Tim Sackton: Given you can go 240 miles a day, that's four and a half days, roughly, if you leave right now.
David S. Kong: … Wait, was this, how was this message delivered?
Tim Sackton: A rider, Red Road from… Arbez to… …
Tim Sackton: Oops, do I not have the…
Tim Sackton: I don't have a map on the new Roll20.
Tim Sackton: Oh, but there's a map on Togoverse.
Tim Sackton: … So, a rider, if you look at the map on Tagaverse, you can see
Tim Sackton: Just north of Dunmar, there's a road that goes through the mountains.
Tim Sackton: And then there's the Refounded Alliance of Orbez.
Tim Sackton: a rider… Road, apparently, very fast on…
Tim Sackton: you know, burning some horses from there to Tokra, and just reached Tokra You know…
Tim Sackton: hours ago, and was able to speak to Surah, who then told the rider, oh, you're looking for Welby? I have a magical way to reach him.
Tim Sackton: And called you on the sending stone.
Tim Sackton: But… The letter probably left… If the letter left, that are baz…
Tim Sackton: on July 29th, that would have been…
Tim Sackton: you know, 8 days ago now, which is August 6th.
David S. Kong: Yeah, I think it's, like, is there a way, we can just verify this isn't, like, some kind of trap, you know?
Mike: I mean, we could…
Mike: to Marseille. We should get going. Like, sorry, how long did you say it would take for Disharna to get there?
Tim Sackton: Almost 5 days.
Mike: And that's crossing over… Is crossing over done?
Tim Sackton: Straight over the mountains.
Mike: Okay.
Tim Sackton: The fastest way to go is just due east from Chardon, go straight across the Elderwoods, straight across the Sentinels.
Mike: Right, so just, like… directly over the tallest mountains, some of the… yeah, fine. That's okay, then.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike: ….
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We should scramble and go.
Mike: I… we scramble and go, and we'll…
Mike: well, I'll send a dream to Marcella tonight.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm….
Tim Sackton: So, you quickly… Organize yourselves.
Tim Sackton: Lord Vinjasharna, pry Kenzo away from the last of the negotiations, try and settle investment goals and rebuilding plans. …
Tim Sackton: …
Tim Sackton: And… leave in the midst of waiting for news and research to come back to you about these various questions you've been asking about.
Tim Sackton: And leap into action, setting off directly east as quickly as you can.
Tim Sackton: On August 6th, mid… Afternoon… So, you can travel….
Eric Rosenbaum: Finally time to put some of that.
Eric Rosenbaum: We'll use taillight technology to action.
Tim Sackton: So….
Eric Rosenbaum: aerial bombardment.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. You travel about a hundred and… you know.
Tim Sackton: some hundred miles east of Chardon on a pretty much straight line.
Tim Sackton: As the sun begins to set, And as you… Press into the night, you…
Tim Sackton: Kastrin, who's gonna speak to Marcella.
Mike: That was Chad.
Tim Sackton: with it.
Mike: Yeah.
David S. Kong: Can you soul slide in a dream?
Tim Sackton: No.
David S. Kong: Yeah, okay.
Tim Sackton: So… … Marcella does not go to sleep until… Well past midnight.
Tim Sackton: And as you enter her dream, you… She sees you, and… Her eyes… Open, wide, and dealt with?
Tim Sackton: Is this just chance?
Tim Sackton: Or did my letter reach you?
Mike: We received your letter.
Tim Sackton: Thank the gods.
Tim Sackton: R, and… Dare I ask, is there anything you can do?
Mike: We are on our way.
Mike: what we can… Go be….
Tim Sackton: Quickly.
Mike: … At current pace, it'll be 5 more days until we arrive.
Tim Sackton: I… I hope that isn't time.
Tim Sackton: It's difficult to get reliable estimates of the Plaguands.
Tim Sackton: Pace.
Tim Sackton: But the last Scouts that I heard of, anyway.
Tim Sackton: Well, it's hard to say.
Tim Sackton: Maybe… A week out?
Mike: What?
Mike: How many Hoggoblins are you anticipating?
Tim Sackton: Wish I could tell you more information.
Tim Sackton: I'm at a loss, I have not… I've only been here… A year.
Tim Sackton: Not even a year now.
Tim Sackton: I am hardly… Of the inner circle.
Tim Sackton: She sighs, I… It has been a good life.
Tim Sackton: the ash…
Tim Sackton: hides their movements.
Tim Sackton: The last Scouts who came back.
Tim Sackton: Said it seemed as if, …
Tim Sackton: Large ash cloud was drifting across the plaguands.
Tim Sackton: Hobgoblin forms every now and then, visible beneath it, but whether 500 or 5,000, He could not say.
Tim Sackton: The scouts we sent after that did not return.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Do we have any way to…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Scry or see at this distance?
Mike: I would need… To know the name of someone.
Mike: And it would be pretty unlikely if I'd never met them.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What about the… what's the… what's the city, … what's the city of Hubgoblins that's…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Unaffected by the Hopgoblin god. Can we contact them?
Mike: That's what works.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, that is orcs.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, what do we know about Hobgob?
Mike: We haven't really fought Hopgot, we have not actually really encountered Hopgot ones, have we?
Mike: We ever encountered Hoggoblins?
Tim Sackton: I don't think so.
Eric Rosenbaum: Do we know, like, what they are?
Tim Sackton: I mean, they were… Hobgoblins were the main soldiers in Shemut's armies.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Tim Sackton: The story about them is that they are… … They have no gods.
Tim Sackton: So they were naturally allied with Shemud, who wanted to kill the gods.
David S. Kong: We still have a Hobgoblin wizard in the mirror, right?
Mike: We did.
Tim Sackton: Ew.
Tim Sackton: From this part of the world, in fact.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Ugh.
Eric Rosenbaum: Come on.
Mike: Oh, we should, ….
Eric Rosenbaum: ….
Mike: You could question her.
Eric Rosenbaum: And where are these guys marching from, again?
Tim Sackton: Plaguands.
Eric Rosenbaum: Huh.
Tim Sackton: No.
Tim Sackton: Like, where, you know, the is and gay, who's is, and all those things.
Mike: You know the giant acidic ooze that almost attacked Vintoshone?
Tim Sackton: data type thing, Sharna, or that….
Mike: I did, it's.
Tim Sackton: Right, adventure, sir.
Mike: It wasn't twice.
Eric Rosenbaum: hole.
Mike: It wasn't that cold.
Tim Sackton: It was just one small hole, I mean….
Mike: Yeah, we patched it up, yeah. Yeah, that's fine.
Mike: ….
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Are they… sorry, are they dressed strangely? Like, they didn't just pop out of a pocket dimension where they've been sitting for 200 years, like….
Mike: Are they….
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I mean, are they wearing, like, Shemat's colors, or the armor of the Great War, or, like…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Do we have Scouts reports on any of that?
Tim Sackton: …
Tim Sackton: So, right, what Marcel said was there's… there was one scout.
Tim Sackton: Who saw them… look… who looked like… it looked like, …
Tim Sackton: There's, like, a localized ash storm that's, like, Cloaking their numbers.
Tim Sackton: And it was difficult to get a read.
Tim Sackton: There's… they've been able to track the…
Tim Sackton: Movement of the ash storm with various means, like sending animals and things like that.
Tim Sackton: And plot its course, and it's heading right for them, although it, you know.
Tim Sackton: It was… it was first detected, like.
Tim Sackton: You know, a few hundred miles from …
Tim Sackton: from, Arbez, and, you know, even Hubgoblin armies don't move incredibly fast, especially through difficult terrain.
Tim Sackton: But every other scout that's gone to try to learn more about the actual numbers or identities of these hobgoblins has not returned.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Eric Rosenbaum: … It'd be nice to be able to run a long-running… What?
Mike: Does Marcella…
Mike: I mean, I guess we've done a lot of different things. I'm not quite gonna ask her what she hopes we're gonna do.
Mike: What other aid have you sent for?
Tim Sackton: Riders went in every direction, the Stoneborn, the Dunmari, up to Massau and Sambara.
Tim Sackton: even to the elves and Oren boss, but… I don't know what aid…
Tim Sackton: could possibly come in time, except maybe the Stoneborn.
Tim Sackton: We just couldn't do nothing.
Tim Sackton: I mean, we are not defenseless.
Tim Sackton: Bambo.
Tim Sackton: Our militias, but… I've seen them train.
Tim Sackton: And I've heard stories of hobgoblins.
Tim Sackton: And I heard a story, I don't know if it was true.
Tim Sackton: One of you defeated an entire undead army all by herself?
Tim Sackton: So I thought…
Tim Sackton: If you could do that, maybe you could do anything.
Mike: That… Story is, …
Mike: Perhaps slightly misleading.
Mike: But I'm sure we could help in some way.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Leaves out the important role of a heroic ladder.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, and….
Mike: And the fact that Riswin's not really here.
Eric Rosenbaum: He's with us in spirit.
Mike: ….
Eric Rosenbaum: Looking on with it.
Mike: Is there….
Eric Rosenbaum: As we make the wrong decisions.
Mike: Is there a way that we could get there faster?
Mike: It's pretty risky to teleport, right? Seen once is kind of a… What's the seat?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's not risky at all.
Tim Sackton: Never.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Fail to teleport.
Tim Sackton: To teleport you anywhere.
Eric Rosenbaum: As my experience and confidence grow, surely the probability is only higher and higher that I succeed, so…
Eric Rosenbaum: We've been to this place, haven't we-ish?
Mike: Nooooo….
Eric Rosenbaum: Near… nearby?
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean….
Tim Sackton: …
Tim Sackton: Deaker might… … Pass through there.
Eric Rosenbaum: On the way down to Karowa from home.
Tim Sackton: … Yeah, let me… let me look.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm….
Tim Sackton: Yeah, cause, like, how did you….
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I should long wrap.
Tim Sackton: No.
Eric Rosenbaum: character sheet.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. I… I think Seeker went…
Tim Sackton: Under the mountains, up north, and then….
Eric Rosenbaum: Not in.
Tim Sackton: to chart in, because remember, you spent… you knew OFGAR from…
Tim Sackton: being in charge, and so Wellbe's been here, but Seeker hasn't.
Mike: How, … how close was the mountain peak where we killed the… where Seeker encountered the, … Bay… Ice…
Mike: Spirit, and obtained his fondness for cold things.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh yeah, where was that?
Tim Sackton: I was in this area.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wasn't it?
Mike: It was in this area.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think it was.
Tim Sackton: That was….
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Listen?
Tim Sackton: So that would… that was, like…
Tim Sackton: … that's… I mean, that's… that's, like, up in the… that's, like, in the mountains.
Tim Sackton: North of Udomas's Tower.
Tim Sackton: But near where the… near the passes, where the passes are. That would be…
Tim Sackton: I mean, it's a few hundred miles.
Eric Rosenbaum: Mmm, so….
Tim Sackton: You know, how much that helps.
Eric Rosenbaum: The problem.
Mike: The problem is if it's 200 miles.
Mike: What good does 200 miles do us? Well, no, we cover 200 miles in a day as, like, an animal shape or something like that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Animal shapes could get us another leg of the journey pretty fast, that's true. We travel light.
Mike: Do we have any other fast-moving spells?
Eric Rosenbaum: Tell, tell….
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Any chance?
Eric Rosenbaum: That's an entire army, though.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): How many times can you cast Teleport?
Tim Sackton: Three in a day.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That's a 75% chance we get there.
Mike: Oh, because you could just try again.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right… what are some of the other consequences of success?
Mike: Honestly….
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): places, make new friends.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's a good point.
Mike: And… because if we have the Rainbow Bridge, we can always Rainbow Bridge back to Vindasharna from wherever we are.
Mike: Right?
Eric Rosenbaum: That's right.
Eric Rosenbaum: So, you can… That….
Mike: That was just the….
Eric Rosenbaum: Forest damage, but it's not a big deal.
Mike: We could just long rest, and teleport again.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Mike: Like, what's the risk here for us, actually? It's none.
Eric Rosenbaum: So, we could travel to arbitrary destinations in that fashion.
Mike: It can't be a place you've never heard of.
Tim Sackton: And we should be looking to be…
Tim Sackton: viewed once or described. You can't teleport to a place that you don't know of.
Mike: Right. But… but….
Tim Sackton: Somebody saying, oh, this place exists, counts as knowing.
Mike: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. So screw it, what's… what town is she in?
Mike: I'm gonna have her describe the town.
Tim Sackton: She's currently not in it.
Mike: Where's.
Tim Sackton: So, she's… so what she describes to you is there's a, a sort of marshy area
Tim Sackton: So Arbez itself is on a plateau.
Tim Sackton: And there's a… a river, the Orson.
Tim Sackton: that flows from the plateau and then drops down on a waterfall. There's a walled market town at the base of the waterfall, where the road crosses the bridge, but right now she is up on the plateau, in the Arsene Martians, where there's a number of small human and lizardfolk farmsteads.
Tim Sackton: she describes where she's currently staying, it's on the edge of a… of a marsh.
Tim Sackton: A, you know, a peat farmer who… whose house she's staying in right now, who, like, cuts peat in the summer when the marshes dry out.
Mike: Yeah, so… so… I mean, off-target is only 2D12 miles away, which is perfectly good.
Mike: And… similar areas, Fine? Yeah, okay. Because actually, it's a better.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean, anywhere.
Mike: I know, but off-target is 2D12 miles, so who cares? That's close enough for our purposes, right?
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Mike: And if it's a similar area, it's somewhere else, and we'll just try again.
Mike: I mean, sure, we have a 43% chance of taking 3D10 forced damage, but we have a lot of hit points.
Eric Rosenbaum: That can also cascade multiple times, if you look at it closely.
Mike: Yeah, but, like….
Eric Rosenbaum: But, I mean….
Tim Sackton: The odds of you actually dying from a mishap are really low.
Eric Rosenbaum: Really low, yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: We rested in our sanctum, right? Kit, Eric, and I, both Kit, Seeker, and Delwith both get our 85 temporary hit points?
Tim Sackton: Sure.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice, nice.
Mike: And then, I'll cast A, just in case.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah….
Mike: Right?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Teleport right there, it's….
Mike: Teleport, tell her, I'm gonna tell her, you know what, it sounds urgent, look for us in a few minutes.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): There's no way for this to fail.
Eric Rosenbaum: This is what we're looking for….
Mike: ….
Eric Rosenbaum: So.
Mike: I'm gonna tell her, let's see, we might be somewhere, like, we might show up, like.
Mike: 10 or 15 miles away from her location, and if she could, … like….
Eric Rosenbaum: The waterfall and the bridge seemed like a vivid landmark.
Eric Rosenbaum: And if there's a different place with a waterfall and a bridge, that would be a nice place to go to, also.
Mike: True.
Eric Rosenbaum: See, it would teleport, you know.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Willoughby has great Mac. I'm gonna be able to figure out from local landmarks where.
Mike: Yeah, we don't need anything more for it. We… we will… we will be there in a few minutes.
Mike: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nothing with it.
Mike: Without our fine castle, but we can scout and stuff, and our castle will come.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It'll catch up.
Eric Rosenbaum: Who's gonna stay on the castle?
Mike: Baldrick?
Mike: Baldrick will stay on the cast. I mean, we have a whole team, right?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Mike: Hector, right? We should… I'm gonna tell her about her friends, who are now… who are now… like, she was traveling with Hector, right?
Tim Sackton: Yeah, she likes Hector.
Mike: Yeah, I'm gonna tell our… I'm gonna… I'm gonna recount our… our… the…
Mike: all of the… all of her friends being released from their curse, as an aside. And that actually.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you already talked to her about that.
Mike: Oh, I did, okay, nevermind.
Tim Sackton: You talked to her, you messaged her to try to figure out what to do with Hector.
Mike: Oh, right, right, right, right, right, right, right.
Eric Rosenbaum: And the ship is still west of the forest, hopefully.
Mike: So, and just in case we… we get… …
Mike: Slammed with a lot of, …
Mike: damage, I'm casting Aid, which gives… … Seeker… Kenzo and, …
Mike: Well, be 20 extra hit points.
Tim Sackton: …
Tim Sackton: During… just to, be nice, during downtime, did Seeker make any news from Rackams, and Seeker 3 was killed in the Chelight Tower.
Eric Rosenbaum: Of course, yeah, we gotta keep experimenting with the Simulacra. Although, are we gonna run out of cash?
Eric Rosenbaum: For it.
Tim Sackton: If you use Wish to cast it, you don't need material components.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, man.
Tim Sackton: That's what's cool about Wish, is you can cast an 8th level or lower level spell with no material components.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): else.
Eric Rosenbaum: situation.
Mike: Yeah, so we should always have a Seeker. We should have a Seeker 4, really. I mean, why would we not have a Seeker?
Tim Sackton: Well, just thinking, if you have Seeker 4, then you can actually cast Teleport 5 times.
Tim Sackton: Oh my god. Because Seeker 4 has a 7th and an 8th level slot, but Seeker 4 doesn't get any slots back.
Tim Sackton: Once he uses them, they're gone.
Mike: Seeker 4 should… why doesn't Seeker 4 have a 9th level slot?
Tim Sackton: Because that's the slot.
Tim Sackton: Seeker Prime uses to create.
Mike: And you don't get what you don't have when you're created, I see.
Tim Sackton: Exactly.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright, well, Seeker 4.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hanging out with us, too, that's true.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait, what's the creature limit for teleport, though?
Mike: 8.
Tim Sackton: 8, I think?
Mike: Yeah. But I think we want to leave our crew on the ship and have them keep flying, because…
Mike: And honestly… Wait, did you take, … Did you take, … I don't….
Tim Sackton: Is there any plan?
Mike: It doesn't do us any good, because….
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike: Yeah.
Mike: I was thinking if we wanted to shuffle an army in.
Mike: I mean, to be honest, the thing that we could do most usefully is, like, go to Sambara, and just demiplane, and…
Mike: bring their army, right? Like….
Tim Sackton: Wow.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you could bring… you could bring a small one.
Tim Sackton: He's casted.
Mike: Although, honestly, the Rainbow Bridge is a giant rainbow, right?
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We haven't… we haven't needed an army in the past, like….
Mike: No, I know, I know, let's not worry about the army. But does the Rainbow Bridge…
Mike: go… like, if we used the Rainbow Bridge from… Arbaz to…
Mike: get back to Vinisharna. It would just be a rainbow bridge that goes for, like, hundreds of miles across the sky.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Mike: And… It would stay as the ship moved?
Tim Sackton: ….
Mike: Like, how does it last?
Mike: It's like a one-time….
Tim Sackton: So… so it… when it's… when it's created, the bridge lasts for… for 7 days.
Tim Sackton: But the ends cannot move once it's been created.
Tim Sackton: But also remember that
Tim Sackton: There's a note, the intention is to allow some teleportation planeship projects, but not create a mechanism to, e.g, teleport an army by opening a bridge, flying Vinjasharna elsewhere, and having thousands of people walk across the bridge. I haven't quite figured out the right mechanical way to limit, but want to be careful.
Mike: We won't try and dogboard an army with the Rainbow Bridge.
Eric Rosenbaum: There's some kind of, like, unknown, but clearly limited, like, load-bearing capacity where you just… everyone falls through if there's too many people on it, or something.
Mike: Okay, well, I had forgotten about that note, so I was literally trying to think of a way to have it teleported on me, but let's, let's teleport there.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Go ahead and roll your teleport.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh my god, we're gonna end up in the middle of a giant ash storm. …
Eric Rosenbaum: … so wait, I don't… Like, you want to uncut.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, oh, just do it directly in, … Roll 20.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Mike: I'm not even in World 20.
Eric Rosenbaum: On D100.
Eric Rosenbaum: We'll get in there.
Mike: Just tell me what you roll, in case I don't get in there in time.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, let me pull up the chart. So, this is… the viewed ones are described. 1 to 43 is mishap, 44 and 53 is a similar area.
Tim Sackton: But thinkers have never seen me.
Eric Rosenbaum: The tree is off.
Tim Sackton: So….
Eric Rosenbaum: The 74-100 is on target. Okay, and… But you also….
Mike: have… human… you could have an inspiration.
Tim Sackton: rock inspiration.
Eric Rosenbaum: I can just re-roll.
Tim Sackton: So you can re-roll the first one if you want to.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): If you even need to, I mean, come on.
Mike: No, but you won't have to. 12. 12! Okay, maybe re-roll that one.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's… it's like golf. Low is good, so that's… oh, that's mishap. ….
Tim Sackton: So I'm….
Eric Rosenbaum: Use heroic inspiration.
Mike: Okay, socean.
Tim Sackton: Nevermind, that doesn't happen then.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I re-roll.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oops.
Eric Rosenbaum: There you go!
Tim Sackton: And Seeker continues to never fail at teleportation.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's sort of adjustment.
Mike: Like, Delwood's cookies to encourage you to, like, do it right, right?
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, delicious.
Tim Sackton: So, you materialize. I didn't finish making images for this place, so here's… Here's the cliff.
Tim Sackton: But you're above the cliff.
Mike: What are we looking at?
Eric Rosenbaum: That's hard.
Mike: Oh, Zoom, sorry.
Tim Sackton: This is the road.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. But I… but I never managed to make the…
Tim Sackton: images for On the plateau, because I didn't know where you were going to appear.
Tim Sackton: So this is the, like, vibe of the landscape, but you'd actually be up on the pla- on this, like, cliffy area up here.
Tim Sackton: In the corner, that extends for, like, a few hundred… well, not… It's a big, flat.
Tim Sackton: Plateau that's, like, a few thousand feet above the…
Tim Sackton: land below it, and you… you materialize in this sort of, it's dark, …
Tim Sackton: I don't know if the moon is out, hold on.
Tim Sackton: I have a little moon thing, but… … So it's the night of… August 6th.
Tim Sackton: … My moon thing's not working.
Tim Sackton: No, there is no moon.
Tim Sackton: Completely dark.
Tim Sackton: As you appear, On the edge of a… on a sort of, Little Hillock.
Tim Sackton: about… 50, 100 feet away from the edge of
Tim Sackton: A meandering river edge, where there's, … the river… the water is, like, relatively low right now, and there's some…
Tim Sackton: Willows growing around in a little bit of a clump, and you see there's a cluster of four small houses.
Tim Sackton: And standing, outside of one of the houses, kind of, looking around.
Tim Sackton: You see in the dark Marcella, who, sort of, like, peering off into the darkness, And then…
Tim Sackton: sees you, and… Well, sees you materialize, and, like, looks, her eyes go wide.
Tim Sackton: strides over to you.
Tim Sackton: Wow.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right, right on target.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 100% of the time.
Eric Rosenbaum: See you, dude.
Tim Sackton: Let's walk a little ways, I…
Tim Sackton: We should obviously talk, but I don't want to wake the children.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Tim Sackton: Walks away from the little cluster of houses,
Tim Sackton: Up the banks a little bit, the…
Tim Sackton: still sort of wet. There's, like, a small, you know, walking along a small stream that runs down, a few trees growing. There's a little open area where,
Tim Sackton: You stop, and there's a couple of logs you can sit on.
Tim Sackton: What, now?
Tim Sackton: Have to… I have to admit, I… I'm…
Tim Sackton: I had no idea you would show up quite so.
Tim Sackton: Dramatically. But…
Tim Sackton: The stories are all true, aren't they?
Mike: I….
Eric Rosenbaum: Well….
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): roughly.
Eric Rosenbaum: We like to think so.
Eric Rosenbaum: So there's a… Army coming, we heard.
Mike: So….
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah.
Mike: How….
Eric Rosenbaum: How far?
Mike: Yeah, how far?
Tim Sackton: Maybe… 4, 5, 6 days?
Tim Sackton: 7, if we're lucky.
Tim Sackton: I don't know, we don't know exactly where they're going.
Tim Sackton: She, like… Gets a stick and starts drawing.
Tim Sackton: Plateau is… stretches for a few hundred miles north… South.
Tim Sackton: Could be aiming for anywhere.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, so….
Tim Sackton: We know we crossed the Istaros.
Eric Rosenbaum: There's a route up onto the plateau, Like a road.
Tim Sackton: It's not… many.
Tim Sackton: There's a few cart tracks that… that…
Tim Sackton: The biggest that's sort of grown up over the years, easiest one is a bit north of here at
Tim Sackton: … Austin's Crossing, there's an inn there, and a cart track that runs up the plateau.
Tim Sackton: People used to use it mostly for …
Tim Sackton: You know, bringing down ores and things from the mountains, from wildcat mines.
Tim Sackton: It's practically a road now with, you know, a few switchbacks and things, but…
Tim Sackton: Not terrain an army would have an easy time maneuvering up.
Tim Sackton: There's a watchtower now at the top there as well.
Tim Sackton: And of course, if you go all the way to the south and start to head up in the passes, you can weed your way through the mountains, but that's no easier. Other than that, there's…
Tim Sackton: Maybe half a dozen mule tracks scattered around the plateau.
Tim Sackton: But, of course, there's… Orsonborg, just…
Tim Sackton: South, you know, just off the plateau down here is a… Market town of 300 people.
Tim Sackton: I've got walls now, but… I can't imagine they're gonna withstand that army.
Tim Sackton: And there's lots of people scattered, living across the lowlands, most of whom have abandoned their
Tim Sackton: Homesteads now, but these are stubborn people.
Tim Sackton: There's been refugee streams coming up the mule tracks for the past…
Tim Sackton: couple days, and I expect that to increase. We've been… Trying to get folks settled.
Tim Sackton: And of course, the militias are mustering already.
Tim Sackton: ….
Eric Rosenbaum: What would a hop-globin army be doing here?
Mike: So….
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Where would they have come from?
Mike: I think….
Tim Sackton: Often the plague lands.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, but I mean, I thought the idea of the Plaguelands was nothing… lives there.
Tim Sackton: It's more complicated than that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Tim Sackton: There are things that live there.
Eric Rosenbaum: Did anything come up out of there in recent memory?
Tim Sackton: Sorry, what?
Eric Rosenbaum: Has anything come up out of there?
Eric Rosenbaum: In recent memory.
Tim Sackton: Oh, there's always…
Tim Sackton: Little dangers.
Tim Sackton: a few months ago, I… Went with some fellow rangers and… Killed a few… Sorrowsworn, they're called?
Tim Sackton: Haunts of some kind that have crept out of the Plaguelands.
Tim Sackton: Threatening some of the… … Those are folk settlements in the lowlands.
Eric Rosenbaum: What's the name of the… beast again? Sarasound?
Tim Sackton: A Thorosworn?
Tim Sackton: That's what the Rangers called that, ….
Eric Rosenbaum: An echo of a….
Tim Sackton: past grief?
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Tim Sackton: Things like that.
Tim Sackton: creep out… not infrequently, I mean…
Tim Sackton: A lot of people died out there.
Tim Sackton: A lot of restless souls.
Tim Sackton: That was long ago.
Tim Sackton: An army, though.
Tim Sackton: Never heard of that.
Mike: I think we should, …
Mike: Scout.
Mike: You said they're a couple days, 5 days, maybe? To a week?
Tim Sackton: 4 to… 4 to 7 days, depending on where they're aiming for.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What is that, like, 100 miles?
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I mean, they're….
Mike: How far is it from here to the… to the edge of the…
Mike: No Man's Land, it's the edge of the Plaguelands.
Tim Sackton: Oh, that, that's… That's not far, that's… … …
Tim Sackton: Hardly anyone goes beyond the course of the DORA, and that's… 40 miles from here.
Tim Sackton: Give or take.
Tim Sackton: It's a hard river to cross, runs through a gorge for a good portion of its course, and…
Tim Sackton: beyond there, Definitely not safe lands.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We could.
Tim Sackton: From there, I mean, yeah, I, you know, I think the Army is…
Tim Sackton: They're probably moving 25, 30 miles a day.
Tim Sackton: So… At last scouting reports, they were… … Let's see… hundred and…
Tim Sackton: 90, maybe 200 miles away, the ash cloud, anyway.
Tim Sackton: No, maybe… No, less than that.
Tim Sackton: Maybe 150?
Tim Sackton: 150 to 200 miles away.
Tim Sackton: But again, I, you know, I don't know where they're planning on crossing the river, the…
Tim Sackton: alliance, the Refounded alliance, stretches of…
Tim Sackton: Almost 100 miles north of here, along the plateau.
Tim Sackton: But if they turn north, it could be… 10 days.
Tim Sackton: They come straight for us, it could be… less.
Tim Sackton: We know almost nothing about where they're going.
Tim Sackton: what they're doing.
Tim Sackton: only that… You know.
Tim Sackton: They crossed the… Istress.
Tim Sackton: when we… You know, picked them up.
Tim Sackton: Maybe 8, 9 days ago?
Eric Rosenbaum: There's something hidden in that cloud, I'm sure of it.
Mike: So… Why don't we, … Why don't we… go scout it. It's… What?
Eric Rosenbaum: We just animal shapes it.
Mike: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is there something that can fly?
Eric Rosenbaum: That far.
Mike: wait, how… I was googling how fast different birds fly. How many miles was it, exactly?
Tim Sackton: hundred and… 50 to 200.
Mike: Yeah, so, according to the internet, a bald eagle commonly flies 150 miles in a day.
Mike: That seems plausible, given their D&D speed.
Tim Sackton: It would be difficult… it's… I think it would be difficult to… Scout and… Get back with one casting.
Mike: Hell yeah.
Tim Sackton: That's 24 hours.
Eric Rosenbaum: spot.
Tim Sackton: Right, right, right, it lasts 24 hours.
Mike: So in theory, you could fly out there, do some scouting, find a place to hide, rest.
Mike: And it would still be… You'd still have animal shapes when you woke up.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Amazing.
Mike: So, I think we should turn into eagles, and I'll just say this out loud, Marcella can listen to us turn into eagles, right? We should… and fly… fly out and see what's there.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike: And if we need to, we could always tell, … Take some dirt, Seeker.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, to make it easier to teleport back here.
Mike: Yep.
Mike: Because isn't….
Eric Rosenbaum: Julie.
Mike: You need to teleport to anywhere that you have.
Tim Sackton: Yes, if you have an object, it's automatic success.
Eric Rosenbaum: Iker goes to put some dirt into a pocket and notices that he has already collected rocks from this location here in his usual unconscious process of collecting rocks from all locations.
Tim Sackton: …
Tim Sackton: Right, it has to be… it has to be… a linked object has to be taken within the six… last six months, so Seeker's got this, like, big collection of stuff and can never remember what's expired and what hasn't.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or even what's from where, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Right, what's from where? Just, like, rummaging through, like, This one's still working?
Eric Rosenbaum: This rock is so familiar.
Eric Rosenbaum: Was this from Trancor or Charted?
Tim Sackton: … So… Marcellus.
Tim Sackton: ….
Mike: We're gonna go scout. Maybe you should… gather….
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Jude also come with us, potentially. Or another one of the rangers?
Mike: I mean, that's… Animal Shapes covers how many people?
Eric Rosenbaum: As many as you can see, something like that? Yeah.
Tim Sackton: And….
Eric Rosenbaum: Any number you can see.
Mike: So we should ask her, right? Like…
Mike: Do you want… are there people who would want to come with us?
Mike: Or should we go scout on our own, and you muster people, and we'll come back?
Tim Sackton: This… she's, like, shaking her head. I…
Tim Sackton: The gods must like me, I… I can't.
Tim Sackton: Did not expect any of this. No, I… there's a count… there's a Ranger Council meeting at Three Wells.
Tim Sackton: Tomorrow afternoon, It's about a 15-mile hike upriver from here, so… I better bring… News of your appearance.
Tim Sackton: to them… I'm sure there others who….
Mike: afternoon, 50 miles per hour. Yeah, we'll be there.
Eric Rosenbaum: We can make it back by then? It's not clear that we could make it back by then, is it?
Mike: If we go right now?
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Mike: It's like, what time of day is it?
Tim Sackton: mid… it's, like, 2 AM.
Mike: 2 AM.
Mike: So if we leave right now…
Mike: We should get to the Hobgoblins.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, and then we teleport back, yeah.
Mike: And we teleport back here.
Mike: Yeah, we can't round trip with animal shapes, but we can scout, spend a couple hours scouting, teleport back here, and then animal shapes will still be good, and we just turn back into eagles and fly upriver in half an hour.
Eric Rosenbaum: The teleport, though….
Mike: You'd have to use your.
Tim Sackton: You need to use your 9th level slot for teleport.
Eric Rosenbaum: Cause I'll have used my 8th for animal shapes.
Tim Sackton: You'll have used your 8th for animal shapes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright.
Tim Sackton: But that's fine, you won't need it for something else. You're only flying over a massive hidden obgoblin army with no magic or anything that could do anything to you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, remember we have Seeker 4 also, just in case.
Tim Sackton: Oh yeah, Seeker 4 could… Seeker 4 could burn his 8th level slot on Animal Shapes, so Seeker still has….
Mike: I mean.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
David S. Kong: There's… how long does greater visibility last?
Tim Sackton: A minute.
Mike: Oh yeah, that's pretty short.
Tim Sackton: Style.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Carcella, like….
Tim Sackton: Smiles again. … I guess I will try and get a little more rest.
Tim Sackton: And…
Tim Sackton: See you again soon.
Mike: … Yes, tell us how to get to this meeting in case we're delayed.
Mike: And bring news.
Mike: Of our arrival, and … we will…
Mike: carry the word that we have gone to Scout, and …
Mike: that Vin Disharna, that the, …
Mike: The Rangers should keep a watch for Vintoshana, our skyship.
Tim Sackton: Though that's true, too.
Mike: Yes, it, it, it….
Tim Sackton: and legends walk the world.
Mike: It's, … sl… Slightly delayed getting here, but it should be here within 4 or 5 days.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's great, and it's amazing, and owning any property is just such a hassle at the same time.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The upkeep is unreal.
Mike: I wonder if that, ….
Eric Rosenbaum: Thing.
Mike: Over isn't gay is causing trouble.
Tim Sackton: So….
Eric Rosenbaum: What, what thing's that?
Mike: the giant acidic thing? I mean, Delwith is saying this out loud in front of Marcella on purpose. The giant… but just, you know, the thing that attacked us when we flew over isn't Gay last time?
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, it was sort of on the ground, we were the ones that were over it, but yes.
Mike: I mean… The Hobgoblins could be running away.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, that's interesting.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Like, maybe they're, like, the….
Eric Rosenbaum: Magical rainbow hobgoblins that are the peaceful kind.
Mike: No, those are the orcs. They just….
Eric Rosenbaum: But they could be white, then.
Mike: Yeah, yeah, I see what you mean. Like, like, the same kind. Or, they could be terrified of a giant creature that has awoken and doesn't really care that they're hobgoblins and is still trying to eat them.
Eric Rosenbaum: And in some cases, the enemy of our enemy is also our enemy, so we should be careful.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Also true, yes.
Tim Sackton: If you have flown over Isengay, there will be many who…
Tim Sackton: Would dearly like to speak to you.
Tim Sackton: That is a holy site to the cult of Beryl.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): altered? What?
Eric Rosenbaum: terrible.
Tim Sackton: the….
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Is that one of these new human gods?
Tim Sackton: Hunter?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Sit.
Tim Sackton: Constellation that appeared in the sky a few hundred years ago.
Tim Sackton: Apparently… Is a demigod of sorts?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What makes Isengue a holy site to that cult?
Tim Sackton: I don't know all the details, but I… that's where they're from?
Tim Sackton: Some of the rangers started as… Protectors of… isn't gay? Something…
Tim Sackton: They…
Tim Sackton: stories some of the people tell here, I mean…
Tim Sackton: It's 150 years ago since any of them lived in that city, but you'd think it was yesterday.
Tim Sackton: I mean… I don't begrudge them, it… Sounds amazing.
Tim Sackton: land of… Milk and honey, where… Everything grew just…
Tim Sackton: Almost as if by magic, that…
Tim Sackton: Fruits, the trees were always laden with fruit.
Tim Sackton: We eat heavy on the… Stocks… Berries ripe on every vine.
Tim Sackton: Talk about it as if there was something about this place, some… Magic to the land that…
Tim Sackton: Made it up.
Tim Sackton: Land of plenty, and… I guess some of the rangers…
Tim Sackton: Started as the guardians of this…
Tim Sackton: Blessing?
Mike: Remind me what exactly we saw when we flew over S&K? It was, like, the whole city was buried in a…
Mike: Black Ooze.
Tim Sackton: No, it was, like, a massive thing, maybe 400 feet across, that was, like, creeping through the city, and then, like, a tentacle emerged and fired a giant chunk of ooze, like, 400 feet into the air.
Tim Sackton: And… hit you.
Mike: But the city was all in ruins.
Tim Sackton: Well, the city was like slime, right? It was, like, all coated in…
Tim Sackton: It was like somebody had dropped a Nickelodeon bucket of slime on the city, but there was… but it wasn't, like, all moving, right? It was just this one…
Tim Sackton: Distinct creature that was sort of…
Tim Sackton: Brawling over the ruins. But a lot of it seemed to have been eaten away by slime.
Mike: So, like, the creature had crawled all over and left the trail or something like that?
Tim Sackton: Yes, exactly.
Mike: Right.
Mike: We are happy to… Talk more about what we saw.
Mike: and isn't gay to those who are interested. It was… not… a happy… Tail.
Mike: There was a, …
Mike: A creature living there.
Tim Sackton: Problems for another day.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean….
Tim Sackton: These people have made a new home here, and…
Tim Sackton: Some of them do still talk fondly of the old city, but…
Tim Sackton: They took me in.
Tim Sackton: And… gave me a new life, and for my part, I would just see them thrive, so….
Mike: Thank you.
Mike: I also kind of woke up at the sky.
Mike: I think if we are to make this meeting, we should, …
Mike: Perhaps be on our way, seeker?
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes, let's fly.
Tim Sackton: Marcella heads back to the little cluster of huts.
Tim Sackton: Well, Secret Cat.
Eric Rosenbaum: Forget it.
Eric Rosenbaum: I have to transition to baby things.
Eric Rosenbaum: So, I will be back in a little bit.
Tim Sackton: And… you all turn into bald eagles.
Tim Sackton: Kong, are you awake?
Tim Sackton: Not really.
Tim Sackton: That's okay.
Mike: Bobby… Bobby got?
Mike: Kenzo the Eagle?
Tim Sackton: Kong can only really, you know, keep himself awake for workers' rights.
David S. Kong: I know, I gotta get fired up. What's happening now? What happened?
Mike: We're turning into eagles to go investigate the Hobgoblin army.
David S. Kong: Oh, that's good.
Mike: Yeah, don't lose.
Tim Sackton: Ow.
Mike: Wait, you were there for Seekers.
Mike: Successful teleport, right?
David S. Kong: I did. I caught that, yes.
Mike: You got that, so… Now we're off.
Mike: Apparently, these people worship Beryl. That's the other bit we weren't.
David S. Kong: What?
Mike: Some of these people worship Beryl.
Tim Sackton: Stop!
Tim Sackton: So… You begin to fly.
Tim Sackton: … Cruising as eagles.
Tim Sackton: Through the night sky.
Tim Sackton: You… you fly… follow the course of the river, and you see below you the…
Tim Sackton: After a short while, the…
Tim Sackton: this walled town that Marcella was describing.
Tim Sackton: The wall… the…
Tim Sackton: Wall is on the south bank of the river. There's a stone bridge that crosses to the north bank.
Tim Sackton: … you see Torchlight and… you know.
Tim Sackton: Guards standing around the ramparts of the wall.
Tim Sackton: As you begin to continue out into the plaguands, you…
Tim Sackton: follow the course of the or… of the Orson for a bit. There's a few, you know, there's a few scattered
Tim Sackton: farmsteads and… and things, with a couple of marshy areas you pass through, but, everywhere you fly over, anyway, seems to be abandoned. You see no smoke coming from chimneys, no…
Tim Sackton: You know, signs of people having left in haste.
Tim Sackton: No animals and pens.
Tim Sackton: It seems like people are… Aware, at least, and are fleeing from the…
Tim Sackton: advance of the Hobgoblins retreating to the safety of the plateau or the walls.
Tim Sackton: By… let's see, bald eagles go…
Tim Sackton: 20 to 30 miles an hour.
Tim Sackton: … And it's 2 in the morning, 2 in the morning, so by…
Tim Sackton: Dawn, say, around 6, you'll have gone… 120 miles.
Tim Sackton: So…
Tim Sackton: The sun rises ahead of you to the east.
Tim Sackton: over… A barren, ashy expanse.
Tim Sackton: You can see in the far distance behind you, I think you're probably high enough up that you can still see the
Tim Sackton: Line of the snow-capped Sentinels in the… behind you, to the west.
Tim Sackton: And ahead to the east, you can see, to your left, the…
Tim Sackton: The glint, sort of to the north, maybe…
Tim Sackton: 100 miles or so. 80 miles to the north, the glint of a river.
Tim Sackton: … Flowing, sort of, west.
Tim Sackton: Sorry, east-west, and then to the sort of east-southeast in front of you is just a broken expanse of
Tim Sackton: Cracked earth.
Tim Sackton: There's, you know, Hills that seem… Ripped into strange, unnatural shapes.
Tim Sackton: There's valleys that are just filled with Ash and dust.
Tim Sackton: there are… Occasional incongruous patches of sort of an open…
Tim Sackton: terrain in between some cracked hills where some gray water collects and some thorny trees grow in a circle.
Tim Sackton: You see relatively little moving on the planes, but what you do see is strange. There's the….
David S. Kong: Creep.
Tim Sackton: Of some sort of seven-legged… …
Tim Sackton: lion-horse hybrid of some kind that's sort of dragging a useless
Tim Sackton: Seventh leg behind it, where its tail should be, sort of limping across the terrain.
Tim Sackton: Seems not to give you much mind.
Tim Sackton: … You occasionally see, … What look like possible… Entrances to caves?
Tim Sackton: Cracks in the ground, whether occupied or…
Tim Sackton: Not, you can't tell from this high up.
Tim Sackton: and buy… … Let's see… That's another…
Tim Sackton: By, you know, maybe 8 in the morning or so, about 160…
Tim Sackton: 170 miles, 180, something like that, from…
Tim Sackton: Where you parted ways with Marcella. You can see… Ahead of you.
Tim Sackton: … Moving slowly across this broken terrain.
Tim Sackton: A sort of undulating cloud.
Tim Sackton: It's gotta be… you know.
Tim Sackton: A few hundred feet wide, and… a good… … …
Tim Sackton: You know, about that much, … You know, twice as long.
Tim Sackton: And it's maybe 20 miles ahead of you on this broken terrain.
Mike: So, I think we should… Should we land before… P.
Mike: I don't know if we should try and fly over it, or if we should, like, land and…
Mike: There's probably not a lot of, like.
Mike: I don't know.
Mike: Like, I was thinking, you know, sending an animal… a beast…
Mike: But there's probably not a lot of beasts to… descend here.
Mike: Like, it seems like we should have a- we should scout.
Mike: Ow.
Mike: before we… Like, I don't know if just flying over this is really the best thing to do.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, I mean, we can…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What do we do? We could try and scribe, we could send… find another bird, like, to go in with beast sense, and….
Mike: Right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Take a look under the dust cloud.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What else could we do?
Mike: I mean, we can't cast spells as animal shape, right? We'd have to land.
Tim Sackton: You have to transform out.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Do I… well, yeah, fair.
Mike: … Are there other ends?
Tim Sackton: There's not just, like, other hawks flying around or anything.
Tim Sackton: Maybe there's… there's not… there does not seem to be a lot of bird life here.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well, if we unbeat shape, I can always pull out a bat and send it to its death once again.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But….
Mike: But… I think we should weigh in.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Why not go in and see if we can get a sense of the shape, then?
Mike: Just, like, fly over, start as… Yeah.
Mike: Sure. I mean, we could, …
Mike: If we… When, for a moment… I could make… Four of us invisible.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Can we change our animal shapes? Like, could we become something less conspicuous?
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Sweet.
Mike: What would be less conspicuous?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You know, I'm thinking, like, swallows, something small and very fast, and….
Mike: We could probably, yeah, I mean, we could… we could try and become, like… We're all…
Mike: I mean, I think any animal shape… I mean, have we seen any other birds in the last 20 min… in the last hour?
Tim Sackton: No.
Mike: I think our… I think we either do a flyover, or we land… now.
Mike: Turn invisible and go scout.
Mike: Have some of us go scout invisibly, and some people just hang back.
Mike: I mean, what's the… what, like… Thus…
Mike: What's the sight distance of seeing if a human is standing on a flat plane?
Mike: How close do you have to be to actually see… make out that it's a person?
Tim Sackton: Pretty close, but… and also, this is not a… this is nothing like a flat plain.
Mike: Right, it's very crap.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): If I was invisible, too, I could fly out there.
Mike: Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Like, fly over invisibly and cover a lot of… Love it, Grant.
Mike: I think we find… we come down, like, maybe 5 miles in front of them.
Mike: In a… in a, like… Decent spot to… to hide.
Mike: And then… send… A subset of us.
Mike: as invisible.
Mike: I don't know, maybe… send… Welby and Kenzo?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
Tim Sackton: The usual Scouts.
Mike: doubt.
Tim Sackton: Right now, the column seems to be marching, like…
Tim Sackton: you know, along… like, you see them basically in a valley. They're, like, following up A.
Tim Sackton: …
Tim Sackton: … they're, like, in a valley with some steep slopes, and they're marching along this sort of clear-ish path through the valley, but the valley doesn't continue for 20 miles, like…
Tim Sackton: It stops, and they're gonna have to ascend up somewhere.
Mike: So I think we just wanna… we wanna aim for somewhere that's about 5… we wanna be 5 miles.
Mike: When we land, we want to be more like 5 miles in front of them.
Mike: And then find a hiding spot.
Mike: Right, find… find a… not it doesn't have to be an amazing high spot, but somewhere out of sight lines, and then I'll cast Invisible.
Mike: May as well make everybody except… Seeker 4, Invisible.
Mike: And Seeker 4 can change into an animal, and just be, like, … Right.
Mike: I mean, you could even just be an insect if we really wanted to hide.
Mike: And then send these two guys as scouts.
Mike: Which can either be animal shape, or just flying, or whatever you want.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so, you fly… another… … you fly another…
Tim Sackton: 10 miles or so.
Tim Sackton: … Essentially, as the army is, you know, the ash cloud is moving down, Through this sort of channel…
Tim Sackton: Cavern area, or, canyon area.
Tim Sackton: And as you're flying in its direction, it reaches the end of the canyon, and… ash cloud just…
Tim Sackton: Turns up the side and just begins climbing, just flows up the top of the canyon, and then flows out
Tim Sackton: onto the… the sort of rocky, open, partially open area on the plain below.
Tim Sackton: And you land sort of hidden a little bit, a few miles, 5 miles away from its front.
Tim Sackton: Seeker… everybody except Seeker 4 goes invisible, and Kinzo and Welby begin to scout.
Tim Sackton: I assume you're sort of offline, right? So it's going this way, and you're kind of off to the side, so it's not going to directly run you over. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Mike: Yeah.
Mike: But also, it's probably moving what?
Mike: 3… 2 miles an hour, or 3 miles an hour?
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah, it's not moving, it's not moving super fast.
David S. Kong: Hey, Tim.
David S. Kong: Yeah. What's, you know, Kenza does a little consciousness scan, like, what's out there?
David S. Kong: 36 miles.
Tim Sackton: … So… there's… A lot of Hoggoblins.
David S. Kong: How many?
Tim Sackton: About… It's hard to count them exactly, but low thousands? 3,000, 4,000, something like that.
Tim Sackton: … Other than that, like, this is a…
Tim Sackton: You get a strange feeling from this.
Tim Sackton: Land, in general.
Tim Sackton: like… The land itself is almost… unstable?
Tim Sackton: Like, there's a feeling, like… Especially as you're probing your consciousness out, sort of, towards the Hobgoblin army.
Tim Sackton: Or ash cloud.
Tim Sackton: … It's almost like there's something…
Tim Sackton: shifting reality underneath the ash cloud. There's something unstable about the world here.
David S. Kong: Reminiscent of, like, an elemental plane, Feywild, or something just totally different.
Tim Sackton: The only thing you've seen that actually This reminds you of is…
Tim Sackton: When you are in the awakened jungle.
Tim Sackton: And you were fighting those, like… weird… Amalg- elemental amalgams.
Tim Sackton: Or the corrupted tree in the…
Tim Sackton: Jungle. Like, the whole vibe maybe reminds you a little bit of what was going on there.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Is this definitely an army? Like, are they… As we get older.
Tim Sackton: Well, there's definitely a few thousand hobgoblins.
Mike: Have we seen any actual Hobgoblins yet, or just a cloud?
Tim Sackton: Nope, just an ash cloud. And in fact, now that you're a few miles away, you can actually hear
Tim Sackton: What sounds like, … repeated… sort of… booms, almost in a… Almost like a, sort of.
Tim Sackton: like, skittering… And then booms. Like, an unstable…
Tim Sackton: drumbeat, almost. But it… but it doesn't sound like a drum… it doesn't sound like a drumbeat. It sounds like…
Tim Sackton: … Like, metal crushing on stone.
Tim Sackton: Like, go for a while, and then just stop, and then… In this very… arrhythmic way.
Mike: Actually, I think I'm gonna go… I think Dilwith should go with the Scouts.
Mike: Because now I have true sight, so I can see through all illusions.
Mike: And all shapeshifting within 30 feet.
Mike: So if this cloud is some kind of illusion, or there's some sort of weird thing going on, Delos would be able to see it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah. The 30 feet is pretty close.
Mike: or anything is pretty close.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Let's take a look in there.
Mike: About one bit.
Tim Sackton: Invisible, you begin to move closer.
Tim Sackton: … moving at an angle to sort of approach this cloud from the side. It's maybe…
Tim Sackton: 400 or 500 feet long, maybe two, three hundred… probably a little bigger than that. It's like… …
Tim Sackton: No, it's probably more like a hundred… and 20… feet wide, and…
Tim Sackton: … 100 and, like, 250 feet long, something like that. Like, it's like Vincent's size, the ash cloud.
Tim Sackton: …
Tim Sackton: As you approach… … You also begin to smell this… Dench.
Tim Sackton: It's like… A mix of… Ash, like, cigarette smoke, and smoke. Like, wood smoke.
Tim Sackton: And… A sort of acrid aftertaste in your mouth, like… …
Tim Sackton: And then, almost like a feeling, like, as you…
Tim Sackton: As you breathe, like, there's fine particles in the air that you're breathing in that are, like.
Tim Sackton: Tickling the back of your throat and coating your tongue in this.
Tim Sackton: gritty feeling. You don't see anything in the air, but you begin to smell it as you get
Tim Sackton: Within about a mile.
Tim Sackton: And you can… you can see now, actually.
Tim Sackton: As you get within a mile, … dope.
Tim Sackton: The ash is almost… is, like, almost, …
Tim Sackton: It's like spilling off the top of something, and then, like, flowing down along the ground, and forming this sort of…
Tim Sackton: bubble, but as it… as the cloud moves, it's, like, the ash is… there's, like, some sort of ashy substance that's constantly being generated. So as it moves, it looks like it's leaving a trail… you can see a trail behind it of just, like, sort of…
Tim Sackton: Grit on the stones.
Tim Sackton: And you think that's what you're tasting in your mouth, too.
Tim Sackton: You begin to creep closer and visible.
Tim Sackton: Seems unaware of you.
Tim Sackton: How close do you want to get?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Why don't I pull out a bat and send it in, and it can see through the ash?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Smoke and such.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Salt… Reach into my hat, pull out a bat, and….
Mike: No, I guess we're landing and turning out of eagle shape?
Mike: Iron swallow shape.
Mike: Right? Because you can't do a bat without doing that, right?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, although I… I thought, wouldn't we have already had to do that to turn invisible?
Tim Sackton: He did.
Mike: Oh, you took a bat out back in… before we flew away?
Tim Sackton: Oh, I… No, no, no, you could turn back into…
Tim Sackton: The only thing is, Seeker is the only one who can turn you back.
Tim Sackton: The target can end it, but Seeker…
Tim Sackton: Takes a magic action to transform the targets again.
Mike: Maybe Seeker should have come with us.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, sure, or let's just retcon it, pull out a bat, and it can fly alongside us for the few minutes, and….
Mike: Yeah, sure.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Go ahead.
Tim Sackton: Except you can't use your…
Tim Sackton: you're a beast. You can't… you don't have… your… your swallow doesn't have animal… telepathy.
Mike: You retain your ability to communicate, wouldn't that include telepathy?
Tim Sackton: I….
Mike: I mean, maybe it doesn't, I don't know.
Tim Sackton: I think it's a little… I mean, it's basically… it's a feat, right? You don't retain your feats.
Mike: So, I don't think you should retain your….
Tim Sackton: your feeds.
Tim Sackton: You would still have halfling telepathy.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Sure, sure.
Tim Sackton: But not the… and you could probably… Do the telepathy with…
Tim Sackton: Animals, but you couldn't… you can't.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Thank you.
Tim Sackton: Beast Sense ability.
Tim Sackton: That must be transport into their mind.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I don't know, in that case, why don't I…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): If I use the be sensible, I stop being invisible.
Tim Sackton: Nope, because it's neither a spell, nor an attack, nor….
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Awesome. In that case, I don't… I don't think I actually need the animal… I can just end the animal shape, because I can fly for a couple of hours. You can fly.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'll do that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'll stay invisible, I'll un animal shape, and I'll be sent to that.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so you're a little bit less than a mile away at this point, and the bat begins to fly.
Tim Sackton: towards it.
Tim Sackton: ….
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): This time.
Tim Sackton: I'm looking out.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Different things to the bat to itself.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. Thanks.
Tim Sackton: There's no way this is gonna be different. Where is he sending me?
Tim Sackton: The bat begins to fly.
Tim Sackton: Towards this rolling cloud of ash, and as the back gets to be, maybe, 100 feet away?
Tim Sackton: … you can make out shapes. It looks like there's hundreds of hobgoblins, thousands of hobgoblins, clinging in, like.
Tim Sackton: 3, 4 rows to the side of something.
Tim Sackton: Like, riding along the side of something, and you can hear now, through the bat as you get closer.
Tim Sackton: You begin, you, like, dive into the ash itself.
Tim Sackton: Yeah?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, I mean, can I… can I see anything with sonar through that? Like…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Cause it's definitely gonna die once it goes in the ash, right?
Tim Sackton: Oh yeah, it's pretty obscuring. I mean, you're getting the sense when you're close… like, the ash is not…
Tim Sackton: from a distance, it makes it difficult to make out shapes, right? But once you get to about 100, 150 feet away, you can see there's, like.
Tim Sackton: billowing ash that's shooting up from the top of something, and rolling down the sides of something. And as it does, it's coating
Tim Sackton: It's, like, billowing in clouds that hide
Tim Sackton: Hundreds and hundreds of hobgoblins clinging, holding onto the side of something.
Tim Sackton: But you get glimpses of them when you're 100 feet away. They're all wearing… steel helmets.
Tim Sackton: …
Tim Sackton: painted, … well, you can't… you can't make out, like, colors or anything, you're just making out silhouettes. ….
Mike: But they seem to have weapons.
Mike: Oh, yes.
Tim Sackton: ….
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I was really hoping they'd be refugees.
Mike: Yeah, me too.
Tim Sackton: I have weapons and armor.
Tim Sackton: … … And they're… You know, as you…
Tim Sackton: You actually… the other thing you see is that as the mist is sort of rolling down, and it's curling around the bottom of something, and you see…
Tim Sackton: Like, along the bottom, the bottom row of Hobgoblin's feet are not standing on the ground.
Tim Sackton: there's, like, a thousand… Little, like, metallic…
Tim Sackton: feet, that are, like, appearing and disappearing, and…
Tim Sackton: slowly pulling… So it's a meca sentiment.
Mike: Pete?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Does the… just out of curiosity, is the size… if this is one thing that…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): thousands are riding on. Does the size of that thing match the size of the thing that shot its pseudopod, or tentacle, or whatever? Like, could that conceivably be the same thing that we ran into in Innocent Gay?
Tim Sackton: Mmm… ….
Mike: But the shape is very different. That was a blob, this is like a line.
Mike: Did Kenzo sense any… living thing?
Mike: With a soul? No. You didn't sense anything with SoulSight, right?
Mike: This breach is either a con- this thing's either a construct, or, like…
Mike: It can't have a soul, right?
Mike: Can it even have a consciousness? I mean, or it could be hidden soul set, I guess.
Mike: I think it's a mech.
David S. Kong: a mech.
Mike: Well, it doesn't… you didn't sense this creature, right?
Mike: Don't you think it's, like, a mechanical construct? Not a… does it look?
Mike: Made of metal?
Tim Sackton: I mean, you can't tell, it's all covered in ash.
Tim Sackton: You gotta fly into the ash if you want to learn more.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The bat is flying in to its doom.
Tim Sackton: So the bat flies up and dips down to the top, into the top of the ash, and you can see, like.
Tim Sackton: As soon as you dip…
Tim Sackton: Down below the sort of billowing clouds of ash, there's actually a bit of a clear space.
Tim Sackton: And you see… What must be a line of…
Tim Sackton: You know, 600 hobgoblins or so from end to end.
Tim Sackton: Stack 3 on each side.
Tim Sackton: So… you know.
Tim Sackton: 1,800 hobgoblins clinging to the sides of this thing, which is a… 400 foot long… centipede made out of…
Tim Sackton: It doesn't actually look like metal, it's like…
Tim Sackton: It's, like, shifting and shimmering as it moves, it's like… it's almost like it's…
Tim Sackton: it's materializing one step forward every time it moves. It doesn't look like there's anything
Tim Sackton: There's no, like, joints actually moving, except at the top, these big, open, gaping…
Tim Sackton: wounds that are, like, flaps of metallic skin, almost, going like this. And as they move, ash billows out from the inside.
Tim Sackton: Of this creature.
Tim Sackton: And between each billow, you get this… Brief, clear vision.
Tim Sackton: And you can see, like, a few hundred feet ahead, … standing…
Tim Sackton: platform on the head, I guess, of this thing.
Tim Sackton: is a Hobgoblin.
Tim Sackton: wearing, … What seems like a…
Tim Sackton: Metal suit of a similar material that just clings to their skin.
Tim Sackton: Almost forming an entire, just, like, metallic sheen around their body, and they're holding up
Tim Sackton: A spear in this… in their hand.
Tim Sackton: And looking forward, and it… and as you glance at this, one of the Hobgoblins…
Tim Sackton: riding near U-turns and looks, and then quickly…
Tim Sackton: Reaches out with their hand, grabs the bat, Brings out a knife.
Tim Sackton: slices its head.
Tim Sackton: And then eats it.
David S. Kong: Tim, can I sense that… Leader, dude?
Tim Sackton: A hobgoblin, presumably, because you don't sense anything that's not a hobgoblin.
David S. Kong: These are all, like, real Hobgoblins, they're not, like, you know….
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
David S. Kong: I mean, they're writing a….
Tim Sackton: giant mecha centipede, but they're real hot dogs.
David S. Kong: Yeah, yeah. …
David S. Kong: Guys, I slept for a little… I fell asleep over there. What's going on? Where are we… why is there a giant centimede with Hoglobins?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I don't know the why.
Mike: the Hobgoblins…
Mike: are coming… I mean, we got the part… did you get the part where the Hobgoblins are coming to kill…
Mike: this refounded alliance of Orbez.
David S. Kong: What's Orbaz again?
Mike: That's this plateau that… where Marcella's been living, that apparently the Cult of Beryl is one of their leaders, or something like that? We don't know that much about it, we just… Marcella asked us for help, we showed up.
Mike: And then, she said, like, the hobgobs will be here in a week. And we said, let's turn into eagles and fly out and scout them. And now we're scouting them.
David S. Kong: Got it, okay, and this is what we're seeing. Okay. Alright.
David S. Kong: I mean, I could get even closer, I could turn it into an astral being.
Tim Sackton: It doesn't make you immune to damage.
David S. Kong: But it makes me… what?
David S. Kong: Well, now that I'm level, there's a… there's a whole thing… can't I… can't I turn myself invisible now?
Mike: You are currently invisible.
David S. Kong: None of that.
Tim Sackton: You are currently invisible.
David S. Kong: No, no, no, no, but I remember reading something like, … 18th floor.
Tim Sackton: … No, you got… ….
David S. Kong: What's the thing I got for 18th level, Tim?
Tim Sackton: at 18th level.
Tim Sackton: … you got….
David S. Kong: I thought I'm.
Tim Sackton: At the start of your turn, you can spend 3 focus points to have resistance to all damage except force for the next minute.
David S. Kong: Where, where is that?
Tim Sackton: Superior Defense.
David S. Kong: Huh?
Mike: Pretty good.
David S. Kong: I could've sworn I, I saw something where I actually, I actually, I actually turned full-on invisible.
Tim Sackton: Oh, I think that's the old monk, the unrevised monk.
David S. Kong: Aw, man…
David S. Kong: Because I remember seeing that the last time, and I was like, oh, shit, I'm in, like, fucking Invincible. Because, like, it was literally.
Tim Sackton: Wow.
Tim Sackton: That was not actually that useful, because it took an action, and it only lasts for a minute, which means you basically waste your first turn in combat.
Tim Sackton: This is much better because it doesn't take an action, you just get resistance if you spend 3 focus points.
David S. Kong: Yeah, okay, fine.
David S. Kong: Well, it would have been cool to do this to….
Tim Sackton: Be in… be invisible.
David S. Kong: Hmm….
Tim Sackton: Resistance to all damage except force effectively doubles your hit points, though.
David S. Kong: Yeah, that's pretty cool.
David S. Kong: That's what you guys wanna do?
Mike: So how close… we're, like, a couple hundred feet away.
Tim Sackton: No, you're, like, half a mile away.
Mike: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Only the bat was a couple hundred feet away and is now dead after being eaten by a hobgoblin.
David S. Kong: Can we, like, read their minds? Or, … you know, we just need to learn a little bit more about what the fuck is going on here, we don't know the plot at all, right?
Mike: Yeah, I could read their… I mean, I can do lots of things if I'm within 30 feet.
David S. Kong: Yeah, why don't you, why don't you get within 30 feet, and then, do some, like, mind reading, some, like, you know…
David S. Kong: Like, what the fuck's going on here?
Tim Sackton: Well, you're gonna turn visible.
Mike: the…
Mike: Does… you lose invisibility? Hold on, does a magic action… hold on….
Tim Sackton: Just cast a spell.
Mike: Now.
Mike: So… Seeker could turn… Me into a… Ant.
Tim Sackton: And still be invisible.
Mike: And that wouldn't make Sickert turn visible.
Tim Sackton: Correct.
Mike: But any spells I cast stay cast.
Mike: The problem is that Detect Thoughts only has a 1 minute duration.
Tim Sackton: An ant's gonna struggle to cross any reasonable distance in one minute.
Mike: Wow, I need to be… Right, it's tough to get within 30 feet of this guy.
Mike: 30 feet's really short.
Tim Sackton: I mean, 30 feet is standing inside the ash cloud.
Tim Sackton: Like, it's billowing enough that…
Tim Sackton: If you want to be within 30 feet of a hobgoblin, you've got to be basically in…
Tim Sackton: At the edge, or just inside the ash pod.
Mike: Are there any, like, stragglers?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, what's the backend of this thing look like?
Tim Sackton: Nobody is walking, everybody is riding.
David S. Kong: Tim, the mechanical centipede thing? No soul.
Tim Sackton: No soul.
David S. Kong: Is it… is it magical?
David S. Kong: Is it like a construct? What is it?
Tim Sackton: I mean, yes, obviously it's magical, I mean…
Tim Sackton: What it is, though, is very hard to say. I mean, you've never seen anything like this before.
David S. Kong: Hmm.
Mike: … It seems quite difficult to use any magic to investigate these guys.
Mike: Wow, our magic.
David S. Kong: What if we kidnapped.
Mike: Well, that's what I was wondering, is like, could we kidnap one of them, or kill one of them? I can't speak with Dead if we just kill one of them?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): be handy.
David S. Kong: Yeah, let's kill one.
David S. Kong: Let's go on and take a prisoner.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): How? How?
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I mean, that's a noble goal.
Tim Sackton: But what are your characters actually doing?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Could we… can we animal shape to be giant eagles and swoop down and pick one up and fly away with it?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Is that a… is that a thing? Is that an option?
David S. Kong: Or…
David S. Kong: let's keep that on the table, or we stealthily, well be stealthily, pick someone off from behind. Like, we, like, knock off one of the ones on the very, very end, you know? Create a little… create a little, you know, just… just fuckin'… sneak attack.
David S. Kong: Knock one.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yes.
David S. Kong: it fall… it falls off, the fucking mechanical centipede keeps going. Are they really gonna stop? Because, like, one… one dude just, you know, tripped, you know?
Mike: I mean… What else are we gonna… we're probably not gonna learn anything else.
David S. Kong: This is weird. They're all on a giant, magical, moving, mechanical centipede. We have to, like.
David S. Kong: Knock it off of one. Socks. I like that one. Let's shoot it. Let's shoot, let's shoot it in the back. Let's shoot it in the butt.
Eric Rosenbaum: What the heck?
Mike: Iraq needs a briefing on the magical centipede.
Eric Rosenbaum: That was an amazing moment to come back, I gotta say.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike: So there's, like, 1,800 hobgoblins clinging to a.
Tim Sackton: 300 foot… No, 1800 times 2. 1,800 on each side.
Mike: There's, like… there's, like… 4,000 hobgoblins, well, 3,600 hopgoblins, clinging to, like, a 400-foot-long mechanical centipede that seems.
David S. Kong: Not the only.
Mike: Almost magical centipede that seems to be almost teleporting through the ash.
David S. Kong: It's like gliding over the ground.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
David S. Kong: And there's, like, some kind of leader dude with, like, melded armor or some shit.
David S. Kong: And we got close to it with the bat, but then it, like, one of the hobgoblins, like, ate the bat, and now we're trying to figure out how to get any more information.
David S. Kong: So, and we can't… we're trying to, like, oh, now our approach is, can we capture one of them?
David S. Kong: And so I was, like, we were talking about, oh, can we sweep in as an eagle and grab one? And I was like, oh, why don't we have Welby just, like, shoot one with an arrow, and then it just falls off the centipede? And are they really gonna… there's 4,000 hobgoblins, are they really gonna stop the centipede? Because, like, one hobgoblin fell off? And then we interrogate the one that we shot.
David S. Kong: Either we killed it and speak to dead, or we interrogate it.
David S. Kong: What do y'all? I think that's a pretty good… I think that's a pretty good plan.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, dude, definitely.
Eric Rosenbaum: Chatasticity.
David S. Kong: I mean, the danger here is, of course, that they stop, and they're like, wait, where did that arrow come from? Let's stop what we're doing, and send all 4,000, like, you know, this is like, they're all on the same mission here, it's not like they can, like, branch off, you know? It's like….
Mike: Why?
Eric Rosenbaum: One way in the back.
Mike: We could… yes, way in the back, so I think what we do is we camp out, we're all invisible.
Mike: Except for Seeker 4, who has turned into a bug.
Mike: Right?
Mike: We camp out, and let them go past.
David S. Kong: Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: A bug.
Mike: we animal-shaped to get here, right? So…
Mike: something little and hidden, right? Like, I don't know, a scorpion or some little creature that can hide under a rock, right?
Mike: We let it go past, Welby takes a shot, right?
Mike: But… If they stop, we just teleport.
Mike: Right? We could just run away.
Eric Rosenbaum: And the centipede is flying, or…?
Mike: No, it's like….
David S. Kong: It's like hovering over the ground.
Mike: Gliding over the ground like it's materializing legs, but they're not, like, quite touching the ground.
David S. Kong: It's like a sputer from Star Wars, but a giant centipede.
Eric Rosenbaum: And also carrying 3,600 hobgoblins.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Mike: I'm, like, clinging to the side of it, and like, whys.
Mike: And it's billowing ash out of its back, ash billowy things.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What's that?
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, it's the source of the ash. Yeah.
Mike: It has these giant things that open up on its back that spit ash out.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's amazing.
David S. Kong: Well, dude, what do you think about this plant?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I could hit one at the end, knock it out, it falls off…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You know, maybe if we're quick enough, they don't notice?
David S. Kong: Yeah, I think….
Eric Rosenbaum: Bringing them to legs?
Mike: I don't think we quite know what they're hating, too.
David S. Kong: I like this plan.
David S. Kong: I don't agree.
Tim Sackton: There's, like… there's, like, rows of… …
Tim Sackton: Rings like that, like, growing out of the side that they're hanging onto.
Tim Sackton: And there's, like, platforms, like, they're not just hanging, they're standing. The centipede has, like, army platforms growing out of its sides.
Mike: Okay.
David S. Kong: This feels like, straight out of, like, Star Wars or Dune or something like that. It was, like, some kind of a weird….
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): With a little bit more body horror to it.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
David S. Kong: Let's shoot one off. There's 4,000 of them. Like, really? Like, they're gonna fucking care, or notice if, like, one of them, like, randomly falls off, you know?
David S. Kong: Let's do it.
Mike: Are they, like… I mean, I could also cast Sleep.
David S. Kong: Sleep is even better! That's great.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That's awesome.
David S. Kong: on its own, there's no arrows involved. Hell yeah. Sleep is great. Let's do that.
Mike: Hundreds, I have to be… 120 feet.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Will you become uninvisible when you do that?
Tim Sackton: become uninvisible.
David S. Kong: Can you, use, extend the range? Or, like.
Mike: Well, at 60 feet, I can double it to 120.
David S. Kong: The best.
Mike: I could do.
David S. Kong: Can you use sleep as, like, a, enchant, like a rock that you throw, and then what the thing that gets hit by it gets turned to sleep?
Mike: No.
Mike: And sometimes, I sometimes regret not having a familiar who could just fly and cast spells from its position, but…
Mike: I don't.
Eric Rosenbaum: That would be cool.
Mike: …
Mike: I could cast hallucinary Terrain, and we could hide under the hallucinery Terrain.
David S. Kong: There you go.
David S. Kong: And then castleep.
Mike: I'd become visible, but we'd be hiding under the hallucinary terrain.
David S. Kong: Yeah, let's do that. I like that. Sleep is better than an arrow.
David S. Kong: Like, an arrow flying in is, like, a little more conspicuous than, like, dude just lost his grip, you know? Let's see that.
Mike: Do you lose invisibility when you start casting the spell, or finish casting the spell?
Mike: Because listener training has a casting time of 10 minutes.
Tim Sackton: Start casting a spell.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Good.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah….
Mike: Though that won't work.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Alternately, too, like, I can shoot from 300 feet away.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and then Cunning action hide in the same turn.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Like, the arrow will still be an arrow, but…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): If they fall off, like, if I knock them out, and they fall off, quick.
Eric Rosenbaum: Let's do that one, then.
David S. Kong: Yeah, let's just do it. Let's just fucking do it.
Mike: I mean, I could cast Sleep and Invisible in the same… I could re-invisible as soon as I cast Sleep.
Mike: Right? But there'll be a brief moment where I'm….
David S. Kong: scene.
Mike: But, I mean, I could, …
Mike: I could just hide… I mean, it's pretty rough terrain, right?
Tim Sackton: It is, yeah.
David S. Kong: Let's decide.
Mike: We could try… we could try it, let's just do… I… I would just hide.
Mike: Somewhere.
Mike: Past…
Mike: 60 feet? Like, if we… is there, like, a spot we could hide where it'll pass within 60 feet of us?
Eric Rosenbaum: We'll have to go directly underneath it, basically.
Eric Rosenbaum: Frank, what's the….
Mike: What's the… what's the train? Can we, like, be half-buried in the… can we, like, set up…
Mike: I know it's relatively close, we don't have long, but can you, like, take 10 minutes and, like, set up a little…
Mike: high… like, a little blind, like, where we actually, like, move rocks around and dig out… use mold earth to dig out some….
Tim Sackton: Yeah, so once the centipede creature flowed up the wall of the canyon.
Tim Sackton: It's now in a sort of more open valley area, where there's, like, a big jagged cliff rock that looks like a mountain… like a… almost like an arm bent, weirdly.
Tim Sackton: To the left, But there's a… but it's fairly open for about 5 miles.
Tim Sackton: Which is where you sort of met it at the beginning.
Mike: Is it going in a straight line?
Tim Sackton: It's going on a straight line. I mean, it's….
Mike: just….
Tim Sackton: Around some obstacles, but only big obstacles.
Mike: So if we just build, like, a… if we build, like, a high, like, we're invisible, so we can move stuff around. We can't cast spells, but we can, like, dig, right?
Mike: Make a, like, hiding spot.
Mike: Dealt with a wait until it's passed, and is 50 feet ahead of us.
Mike: And then cast Sleep, and then immediately, bonus action, re-invisible.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so you're, like, making a blind, you want the thing to, like… run… n- like…
Tim Sackton: 40, 50, 60 feet away from the edge of your blind, and then as soon as it runs past like this, you….
Mike: Correct.
Tim Sackton: Hit the last person, like, perpendicular to it with sleep.
Eric Rosenbaum: Back up, if he doesn't actually fall, I can telekinesis, pull him down to the ground.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): ….
Mike: So, I mean, the nice thing about Dell with Casting Sleep is I can use Metamagic to make it require no speaking.
Mike: So no verbal components.
Mike: Or material, so I can… I don't have to… I can be it… it's all in my mind, right?
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Mike: So it makes it harder for them to….
Tim Sackton: Eric could also, let's see, 120, 240, Fuck it.
Eric Rosenbaum: I do doubling to get the.
Tim Sackton: Willing to take a risk.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Do telekinesis from 480 feet away.
Mike: But see, I think those are better… I think those are better post-sleep actions rather than pre-sleep. Let it go past, and if it doesn't work, if somebody doesn't fall out.
Mike: then you can do Telekinesis, right? Because you also really need to be ready to cast Teleport if it stops.
Mike: Right? If they all start jumping off to come kill us, we better teleport away, or we're gonna die.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, can I… do I still have a teleport slot? Hopefully? Let's just….
Tim Sackton: You can use your 8th and your 9th.
Eric Rosenbaum: No.
Mike: we… Fair enough. Or….
Tim Sackton: You can use your knife.
Mike: Or Secret 4 can use it.
Tim Sackton: Or a Seeker 4 can teleport.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: I have to give.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: rock.
David S. Kong: You guys did it?
Tim Sackton: So you set up a blind.
Tim Sackton: Hide yourself.
Tim Sackton: As it… as it gets closer, … So…
Tim Sackton: You know, you're sort of moving rocks around a little bit, just to… basically so you have total cover and something to crouch behind.
Tim Sackton: Right? I mean, are you digging… what are you trying to, like, dig something and put a.
Mike: No, mostly, mostly total cover, and in fact, if we have total cover, Do I need to see?
Tim Sackton: for sleep.
Tim Sackton: I don't know.
Mike: I'm just looking.
Mike: Each creature of your choice in a 5-foot radius sphere centered in a point within range must exceed most of them.
Mike: Now.
Mike: And it's a 5-foot radius, so I could do… I mean, should I do everybody within a 5-foot radius?
Eric Rosenbaum: Try to get one.
Mike: Or should we just target one? That's higher risk, in theory it could make it safe.
David S. Kong: Try to get a couple, but not, like.
Mike: Let's do, like, 3. I'll do 3.
David S. Kong: Yeah, so it's sort of like they're falling off the bat.
Mike: Yeah. ….
Tim Sackton: So, as it gets closer, you feel like the ground is…
Tim Sackton: Shaking slightly, and you still hear the skittering noise.
Tim Sackton: And the smell becomes much more intense.
Tim Sackton: And… it's hard to avoid coughing and just, like, your eyes feel gritty.
Tim Sackton: From this ash.
Tim Sackton: And you get ready, you can see, you know, you can see from here, hidden, invisible.
Tim Sackton: like, the…
Tim Sackton: Hobgoblins on the edge, the sort of… it's, like, stacked three rows that… it's almost like a triangle, so the bottom row is sticking out a little bit from the ash.
Tim Sackton: Hmm, that…
Tim Sackton: the ash is, like, falling on the heads of the bottom row. The middle and top row are sort of inside a little bit, so the ash flows over them, covering them.
David S. Kong: I'll turn into an Astral Bean.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: So you wait.
Tim Sackton: You cast the spell.
Tim Sackton: …
Tim Sackton: You're targeting 3 of them?
Mike: Yep.
Tim Sackton: What's your DC?
Mike: 20.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: two of them… suddenly stumble.
Tim Sackton: And drop off the back.
David S. Kong: I may fall back?
Tim Sackton: 2.
David S. Kong: Nice.
Tim Sackton: A turn passes, the centipede keeps moving about… 40 feet away.
Mike: You should use telekinesis to grab them now.
Mike: And then, as soon as you do that, I'll re-invisible us. Don't you think?
Eric Rosenbaum: Just… just to pin them down. Yeah.
Mike: Just arc… yeah, yeah, so they don't, like… Or to drag them away.
Eric Rosenbaum: I have to hide them.
David S. Kong: Avatar kinesis? Yes.
Mike: Yeah.
David S. Kong: Who were you talking to?
Eric Rosenbaum: That's me.
Mike: speaker.
David S. Kong: For telekinesis?
Mike: Yeah.
Mike: Right? Can't you just grab one? I mean, we don't even, even need to grab one and hide it, and just, like, pull it…
Mike: Or can you get two? I don't know if you can get two.
Tim Sackton: You can get….
Eric Rosenbaum: It's… it's one creature.
Tim Sackton: You can get one creature.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: But it's incapacitated, so… ….
Eric Rosenbaum: And it… it's, … Gets a strength save.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I mean, I think an incapacitated….
Eric Rosenbaum: Restrained.
Tim Sackton: I don't know what the official rules on incapacitated is, but I can't really imagine how an incapacitated creature would….
Mike: Make that….
Tim Sackton: stuck out of the way of telekinesis, so for now, I'm just gonna say you grab one.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Seeker casts a spell and begins…
Tim Sackton: you know, dragging this thing closer. … I mean, as soon as he casts a spell, I'm casting Invisible again.
Tim Sackton: The… centipede is now about….
Mike: Oops.
Tim Sackton: 80 feet away.
Tim Sackton: And you hear… harsh.
Tim Sackton: Screech.
Tim Sackton: Another round passes.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Is the Hearst Creech in a language that is comprehensible by someone who can comprehend all languages?
Tim Sackton: … Yes, it's a… it's a… man overboard call, basically.
David S. Kong: Shit.
Mike: That's okay, we have one guy in telekinesis, and we have one guy left behind who they can go save.
Tim Sackton: The centipede is now about 140 feet away.
David S. Kong: E.
Tim Sackton: Is it coming towards us, or it's past us? No, it's going away from you.
David S. Kong: Oh, here.
Mike: Hold on, I'm just… wait, wait, how close is the… hold on, one second. How close is the, …
Mike: How close is the one who fell? Is the one in telekinesis?
Tim Sackton: Well, telekinesis, how far can you drag it in one turn?
Eric Rosenbaum: 30.
Tim Sackton: So the telekinesis one is 30 feet away, the other is 60 feet away.
Mike: Okay, hold on one… so it's 30 feet away from us?
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Mike: Okay, hold on, let me just…
Mike: I don't think I can make it more than 5 feet, but if I can make it 30 feet, it's gonna be invisible too.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, huh.
Tim Sackton: and touch you.
Mike: Distance spell.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike: But I don't… distance bell might turn touch into 5 feet, I'm checking.
Mike: I don't know if it's 5 feet or 30 feet.
Mike: Where is it? Why is it not… why is it so hard to find?
Mike: Distance spell… About 30 feet!
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike: So, that means one of us… Can't be invisible.
Mike: But I think it's worth having one of us be visible, instead of… ….
Eric Rosenbaum: The Hobgoblin, yeah.
Mike: Yeah. So we'll make… I will cast Invisible.
Mike: Right? I will make Seeker me…
Mike: Welby and the Hobgoblin invisible.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
David S. Kong: Nice.
Tim Sackton: So you're leaving Panzo in the open.
David S. Kong: Or, well, one of these.
David S. Kong: Yes, as a natural being.
Tim Sackton: Well, you're still visible.
David S. Kong: Oh, then I go fucking merge into a rock or something.
Mike: But we're hitting it, though.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Can possibly do with stealth is 27.
Mike: That's true. No, you know what? Welby will be hidden. Yeah. I'll be… Welby is hidden.
Tim Sackton: Well, he hides behind some rocks.
Tim Sackton: And as the screech goes up, you see, shooting into the air.
David S. Kong: Oh, boy.
Tim Sackton: A silver clad… Silver metal-coated Hobgoblin holding a spear.
Tim Sackton: Who begins to fly a loop.
Tim Sackton: behind the… Centipede.
Tim Sackton: Moving slowly, like, it's gonna take them… Around to get to you.
David S. Kong: It's all saying?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Is this the guy who was on the very front of the centipede?
Tim Sackton: Yes.
David S. Kong: Soulsites.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Why don't we just kill him right now and solve this whole problem?
David S. Kong: It's also say….
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Full site's a good idea.
David S. Kong: Salsa.
Tim Sackton: What's the range in SoulSight?
David S. Kong: Spell the CM.
Tim Sackton: No, I mean… It has a range.
David S. Kong: Let's see….
Tim Sackton: I can double check. I think it's probably too far away at the moment.
Tim Sackton: That is, like, 90 feet or 120 feet, something like that.
David S. Kong: Let me see…
David S. Kong: 90 feet.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: So… Right now, out of range, but next round will be in range.
Tim Sackton: … So…
Tim Sackton: begins to swing around, flying, holding their spear up. This silver metal sort of coating their entire body, but as… as they fly, the metal, it's, like, streaming, and every now and then, there'll be a sort of…
Tim Sackton: Piece of metal that just kind of drips off, and floats through the air, and then just, like, reforms and globs onto a different part of their body.
David S. Kong: It's like Terminator.
Mike: The Hobgoblin is now dragged 30 more feet and is next to us.
Tim Sackton: The Hobgoblin is now next to you.
Mike: Why don't we just get out of here?
Eric Rosenbaum: SoulSight Teleport.
David S. Kong: Yeah, let me finish Soul Sighting.
Mike: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: That seems wise.
Mike: Although, how many people can teleport to 8 people?
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike: They have to be willing?
Eric Rosenbaum: willing.
Eric Rosenbaum: Isn't it?
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I'm pretty sure they have to be willing.
David S. Kong: You try?
Mike: So that means we can't just flee, because we'll leave behind our hubcoblin prisoner.
David S. Kong: I mean….
Tim Sackton: You can teleport objects you can carry.
Eric Rosenbaum: Can somebody lift that guy?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We could put them in the mirror, but we don't quite have time to put them in the mirror.
Tim Sackton: That's gonna… yeah, that takes….
Mike: That would take a while, plus we'd have to wake him up.
Mike: Great.
Tim Sackton: Or just suggesting if you kill him, he turns into an object.
Mike: downside… I mean, we could do that. The downside of that is…
Mike: If he's alive, I can use suggestion to compel him to talk.
Tim Sackton: Right.
Mike: But if he's dead….
David S. Kong: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Mike: I could speak with Dad, I took speak with Dad at will.
David S. Kong: Bye! Can we trim them?
Mike: If he's alive….
David S. Kong: Yeah, can we charm him and just have them agree to go to the teleport?
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's funny.
Mike: Can I cast suggestion and have my suggestion be, you would like to teleport with us?
Eric Rosenbaum: Good idea, Kong.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Tusk.
Tim Sackton: ….
Mike: Our suggestion would be come visit our… You know….
David S. Kong: Suggestion is just, you love teleporting.
Mike: Whoa.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right now.
David S. Kong: The thing you love the most in the world.
David S. Kong: Since you've been the tiniest little hobgoblin that you can remember, you just….
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I mean….
David S. Kong: That you just wish so bad you could teleport.
Tim Sackton: It's not… it wouldn't obviously deal damage to the target or its allies. Yes.
Mike: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: achievable.
David S. Kong: It's just that it's the….
Tim Sackton: You just gotta wake it up, because it has to understand you, and you all become visible, because suggestion's concentration.
Mike: Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: But it'll be cool.
Tim Sackton: Oh.
Tim Sackton: You've basically got… you're basically 6 seconds of being exposed.
Tim Sackton: Assuming it fails, it's safe.
David S. Kong: No, but we don't.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oops.
David S. Kong: Super Bowl. Kenza is still.
Mike: Oh, okay.
Tim Sackton: No, it's concentration, so the invisible….
Mike: invisible spell ends. I know, but Kenzo stays invisible, because he has got a Raven's Whistle, and then, … No, that's blocked.
Tim Sackton: Not invisible.
David S. Kong: Oh, shit.
Eric Rosenbaum: Let's do it.
Mike: I think we could take… how far away is the thing?
Tim Sackton: The flying creature?
Mike: Now, the… the Hobgoblin army.
Tim Sackton: The end of the mecha Centipede is now 180 feet away. It didn't stop moving when she…
Tim Sackton: They took off and flew after you, or to scout.
Mike: Let's just… let's just do it. Let's just do it.
David S. Kong: Wait, wait, why don't we just let it scout and see if it finds anything? If it finds anything, then we can teleport away.
David S. Kong: Because it might just, like, circle around and not see anything and then keep going, right?
Mike: Yeah, but we lose our opportunity to… like, we won't have time to wake this guy up, suggestion him, and then teleport away if it's flying towards us to kill us.
Mike: And I don't think we want to have a pitched battle with this hubcompan leader right now.
Eric Rosenbaum: I had a lot of friends.
Mike: Like, the 4,000 Hobgoblins are only 200 feet away.
David S. Kong: But there's a chance that they don't see anything and just goes away, but if we do the whole, like, sleep and blah blah blah, the charm thing, and teleport, then they definitely know that we're there, right? So we lose our….
Mike: We would… That's true, it would be… yes, that's true.
David S. Kong: What do y'all think? Let's decide. Let's vote.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think the fact that we're even discussing this means we are paralyzed with indecision and do nothing, which is Kong's plan.
David S. Kong: Nothing and wait.
Mike: How, ….
David S. Kong: Schwartz, what do you think?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I like… I like waiting and soul-sighting when this guy gets closer.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you guys don't have time to discuss this.
Mike: Okay.
Tim Sackton: to Seeker and Daweth. I mean, Daweth can implement his plan if he wants to.
Mike: No, I'm going to, …
Mike: motion for Welby to… you auto-crit on… I mean, Welby could one-shot this guy, right? You basically auto-crit on… okay.
Mike: Like, put a dagger to his throat.
Mike: And if we have to flee, kill him, and then we can take him.
Eric Rosenbaum: There you go.
Mike: And then we'll wait.
Eric Rosenbaum: you can't….
David S. Kong: We wait.
Eric Rosenbaum: Although we can't carry him, but yeah.
Mike: Somebody can carry you.
Tim Sackton: I… Two of you together could carry him.
Mike: Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I am prepared to do that, but while we're waiting on that, I'm gonna take steady aim at the guy in the air, just in case.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
David S. Kong: Because if we get discovered, we can always just teleport no matter what, you know what I mean?
Tim Sackton: I mean, he probably gets….
Mike: Surrounded of attacking us.
Tim Sackton: Have you worked.
David S. Kong: Like an 18th level! Is it gonna kill us all in one.
Mike: No, no, no, no, no, he won't kill us all in one round.
Tim Sackton: about… so the centipede is still… the Mecha Centipede is still moving ahead. The…
Tim Sackton: Visible, unconscious hobbygoblin is 60 feet away from you.
Tim Sackton: And now, like, 130 feet from the edge of the centipede.
Tim Sackton: And the flying creature immediately sees this Hobgoblin.
Tim Sackton: And flies down… And lands next to it and gives it a solid kick.
Tim Sackton: that's around, what are you doing? This is 60 feet away, if you want to say.
David S. Kong: That's awesome.
Mike: salsa.
Tim Sackton: … What are you aiming to learn? Just the normal things?
David S. Kong: Normal things. What's the level of it, and all that stuff?
Tim Sackton: Okay, I haven't written the stat block yet, because I assumed you wouldn't try and fight her, so I'll tell you next time.
David S. Kong: Well, just, I mean, just give us an approximate sense. You can feel free to change… Does that go?
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah, I mean, okay, strong, CR26 or so?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Probably kidding Can't one shot her? Then?
Tim Sackton: Extremely good at… Intelligence and Charisma?
Tim Sackton: … Bad it.
Tim Sackton: Well, nothing really, but maybe wisdom?
Tim Sackton: ….
David S. Kong: Our 26th.
David S. Kong: Really like a challenge.
Tim Sackton: Otherwise… … Wearing armor of living… Metal of some kind?
David S. Kong: valid.
David S. Kong: Pissed off, curious, enraged.
Tim Sackton: … Well, Kiri, like, sort of mad at this Hobgoblin.
David S. Kong: Yeah. And….
Tim Sackton: suspicious.
Mike: I'm gonna study these creatures carefully so that I can scry them later.
Tim Sackton: And… Also… … The weird scents you got?
Tim Sackton: Of, like, reality slightly unwinding.
Tim Sackton: Seems to be coming from her.
David S. Kong: Cool.
Tim Sackton: So Kenzo's soul-sighted, what are the rest of you doing? Just hanging out, waiting?
Tim Sackton: She's now talking to the other Hobgoblin.
Tim Sackton: In a low voice.
Tim Sackton: Probably not easy to make out.
Tim Sackton: You know, given the clinging noise of the centipede and stuff.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I'm looking at our Hobgoblin.
Mike: … Oh, no, I can't.
Eric Rosenbaum: hiring.
Tim Sackton: Wearing armor.
Mike: Now, are how goblets invisible?
Tim Sackton: Oh, yeah, our Hoggoblin's invisible, that's funny.
Mike: What does our obstacle look like? I could see invisible.
Tim Sackton: … Wearing armor, there's, like, a, symbol on, like, carved into the, front of…
Tim Sackton: The armor that's made up of, like, 3 jagged, interlocking…
Tim Sackton: Shards, each a different shape and angle, as if there's a crown that's been… Like, shattered and partially reassembled.
Tim Sackton: And then dripping off of it.
Tim Sackton: Are like 3 curling blades that curl down from the broken crown to meet at a point.
Tim Sackton: … This is, like, etched in black. The armor is in, you know, everything's… Well… cared for?
Tim Sackton: Armor or swords, but, like.
Tim Sackton: clearly a sort of mishmashed, like, assembly of pieces scavenged from different parts. This is not, like, fresh constructed armor from some…
Tim Sackton: you know, new forge.
Tim Sackton: He's… you know, early… 6'2 warrior with… Right? Reddish skin, and… you know.
Tim Sackton: The sort of teeth and facial features of a hobgoblin.
Tim Sackton: … Eyes closed, unconscious. Doesn't seem to be carrying any, like, food or water or
Tim Sackton: Or pouch. Just weapons and armor.
Tim Sackton: So… Talking to the Hobgoblins.
Tim Sackton: the Hobgoblin… who she just woke up, breaks into a run and begins sprinting back towards the…
Tim Sackton: Centipede, while she begins walking along the ground in a circle, spiraling out from… the Hobgoblin.
Tim Sackton: Probably take our… 15 seconds to find you?
Tim Sackton: I mean… I don't know if she'll find you, but to… for her search pattern to encounter your…
Tim Sackton: area of cover.
Mike: Let's go.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yep.
David S. Kong: Alright.
Mike: I'm gonna… I'm gonna… I'm gonna cast Suggestion on this guy.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: So you all briefly flash visible.
David S. Kong: Kind of still astral planning.
Mike: We're still hidden. We're, like, hidden behind rocks.
Tim Sackton: Yup.
Tim Sackton: Well, the suggestion.
Tim Sackton: I mean, yes, but you also have to… I mean, you're… Have to say a suggestion.
Mike: … Can you cast suggestion with… Subtle spell.
Tim Sackton: No, because you have to describe… I mean, yes, because the verbal and material…
Tim Sackton: Yes, but you still have to suggest a course of action that you have to speak out loud.
Mike: Like, can I whisper it?
Tim Sackton: Yeah….
David S. Kong: Super loud.
Tim Sackton: And you can whisper it. The Hobgoblin is not, like, standing up, groggy, looking around, like.
Tim Sackton: who… who are you? You know, this, like…
Tim Sackton: It's not gonna be dead silent when you wake up.
Mike: No, I know, I know. But as soon as… I mean, Seeker's about to cast Teleport.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Mike: I mean, I think… I think as soon as the suggestion is cast, Seeker's casting teleport, right?
David S. Kong: Yes.
Mike: Okay.
Tim Sackton: So what's your suggestion is you love tele… you love to teleport?
Mike: Yes.
Tim Sackton: Okay, … Eric, roll… Role Initiative.
Tim Sackton: Just to see whether she leaps in the air to see what's making the noise, or you get your spell off first.
David S. Kong: Wait, should we all roll initiative, because we can trade initiatives?
Mike: Yeah?
Mike: Yes, right? Shouldn't the fast people be able to roll their initiative and trade it?
Tim Sackton: It doesn't… it doesn't matter. I mean, yes, but it doesn't matter, because Eric rolled a 19, and….
Mike: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Even, no matter what her initiative bonus is.
Tim Sackton: She rolled a 3.
Tim Sackton: So even with a plus 15, which is roughly….
David S. Kong: Anyways, whatever. Alright.
Tim Sackton: Eric beats it. Doesn't matter.
Tim Sackton: … So, teleport goes off.
Tim Sackton: And you vanish… Just before she leaps into the air, And goes to investigate the…
Tim Sackton: Rocks moved around to make cover.
Tim Sackton: And we will end as you appear, because you've picked up dirt.
Tim Sackton: You appear with your hobgoblin prisoner, now 9 o'clock in the morning, Back in the marsh, where…
Tim Sackton: You left Marcella last night.
Eric Rosenbaum: Amazing.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Awesome.
Mike: Okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Success! Wild success. Totally. Adequate legal success.
Mike: I kinda wanna interrogate the Hopgoblin, like, real fast, just like that.
Tim Sackton: I mean, I'm fine if… we can do that if people want to stay up, I just don't want people falling asleep.
David S. Kong: like, by the way.
Tim Sackton: You like 30 minutes.
David S. Kong: 30… 30 minutes?
Mike: Okay, let's just… Can we do, like, 5 minutes of interrogation?
David S. Kong: Next time we're gonna forget, we'll be like, what the fuck, let's just interrogate real fast.
Tim Sackton: We're playing a week from today, so it's, like… That's true.
David S. Kong: Okay, real fast, let's just… That's, that's fine, that's fine. What's the deal?
Tim Sackton: So who's leading the interrogation?
Mike: ….
Tim Sackton: That was confusing stuff.
Mike: I'm gonna cast Gliddenys, so Delith will cast his new spell, Glidness, so I can't roll less than a 15 on any Charisma check for the next hour.
David S. Kong: Great.
Mike: And then… So, my minimum roll on a persuasion or intimidation is 26.
David S. Kong: Feels like a good.
Mike: And… I mean… why not? Like, I could, … Why not cast suggestion again?
Mike: Like, is there any reason not to go all out here and use magic?
David S. Kong: Call out. Call out.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Right?
David S. Kong: Absolutely. Pass all your spells, let's do it.
Mike: So, I'm gonna cast Suggestion again.
Mike: … unfortunately, suggestion and detect thought…
Mike: Suggestion and detect thoughts are both concentrations, so I can't do both at the same time.
David S. Kong: Wait, but I also have, Sense the Truth.
David S. Kong: So, you can sense the truth of the story.
Tim Sackton: Damn.
David S. Kong: If they succeed on a charismatic throw, you get a general sense of the accuracy, but if they fail, you can sense exactly which parts are embellished or false.
Mike: So… I am gonna cast Suggestion.
Mike: I'm gonna tell him… that… I mean, the suggestion is gonna be, … … tell us everything.
Mike: You know, basically, we are, we are, … … Curious.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What if the suggestion is just, like, you are eager to share?
David S. Kong: I'm so excited to tell. Like, you can… You are late.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Sirs. Yes.
David S. Kong: I cannot wait to share all of the details of, like, what is going on with this centipede and all. You're so excited.
Mike: Telling stories… telling truthful stories about, your life and deeds and goals, and sharing everything about yourself is your favorite activity in the world.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Can you add enthusiastically, just to make it more fun for Tim?
Mike: It's enthusiastically sharing everything about yourself is your favorite activity in the world.
Tim Sackton: … the… You-do you speak Goblin?
Mike: I do.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: … So, you, you, you hear the suggestion, I rolled a 3, so the suggestion succeeds.
Tim Sackton: the Hobgoblin sits up, sort of groggy, looking around at this… Strange… plateau.
Tim Sackton: Begins talking, and… In Goblin.
Tim Sackton: here already? Ugh.
Tim Sackton: Oh, yes, I… I was telling a story, …
Tim Sackton: He stops for a minute, looks over at you.
Tim Sackton: stands up.
David S. Kong: Better to hear your story.
Tim Sackton: A proper story intimidates the listeners. Looks around.
Tim Sackton: … Hulls out his sword and holds it up.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We'll be cowers theatrically.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Tim Sackton: Yes, yes. … Sultar, the Warrior.
Tim Sackton: I lead army as well.
Tim Sackton: He stops.
Tim Sackton: I guess I should tell the truth. I follow in armies!
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It popped.
Tim Sackton: We will win.
Tim Sackton: The Empress of Chaos.
Tim Sackton: She leads us.
Tim Sackton: And she will bring victory, and she takes his… he takes his sword down and stabs it into the ground.
Tim Sackton: The Chaos Spear will pierce this fine earth.
Tim Sackton: And our power will spread!
Tim Sackton: Points at the cowering wellby. Yes, that's right, you should cower. All of you are…
Tim Sackton: Not scared enough by what's gonna happen.
David S. Kong: What's gonna happen?
Tim Sackton: The Empress of Chaos has been planning.
Tim Sackton: Telling us stories of this moment.
Tim Sackton: For a decade.
Tim Sackton: When?
Tim Sackton: She would breach the strongholds.
Tim Sackton: And corrupt the heart of the land.
Tim Sackton: And take control!
Tim Sackton: Of the magic of isn't gay.
Tim Sackton: And we could ride a monster to sweep across the lands!
Tim Sackton: The March of Adon, whatever they call it, those stupid castles.
Tim Sackton: North.
Tim Sackton: To claim all the good farmland that should have been ours.
Tim Sackton: All we need to do… His ride to victory on top of the plateau.
Tim Sackton: The Empress knows.
Tim Sackton: Where the Secret Heart!
Tim Sackton: She tells us is.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Huh.
Tim Sackton: She will fly there, and take her spear, and he gestures dramatically.
Tim Sackton: Pulls his other sword, holds it like a spear, and stab it through!
Tim Sackton: And chaos will spread.
Tim Sackton: Since she discovered… The Chaos Medal, just… Months ago!
Tim Sackton: Everything has fallen into place.
Tim Sackton: And now our plan is unstoppable!
Tim Sackton: the puny… humans and… Elves and dwarves and halflings, the pathetic creatures who live on this plateau.
Mike: What about the tall stoneborn who are not puny?
Tim Sackton: They will also be consumed by the chaos medal of… The Empress of Chaos.
Tim Sackton: She will not let anyone survive.
David S. Kong: Nobody tells Seeker about this chaos medal.
Mike: Well, Eric's asleep, luckily.
Mike: We're beautiful.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): in real trouble otherwise.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Mike: the Emperor of Chaos is, yeah.
Mike: ….
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, do all of our problems go back to emperors?
David S. Kong: What's that?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Empresses, I mean, man.
David S. Kong: Saying.
Tim Sackton: Empresses are not the cause of problems, they are the solution!
Tim Sackton: We have been living in the scraplands east of the Istros for generations, but soon…
Tim Sackton: When we control the ooze, We will not be living in the scraplands anymore!
David S. Kong: Okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): ….
David S. Kong: Okay, the plot is… the plot is… wait, is the Uber.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): D… Good.
David S. Kong: Hey, dude. What's the….
Tim Sackton: You dare ask questions of the great Sultar?
David S. Kong: Oh, I do not dare, I do not dare, I do not dare. I only wish to learn about the Ooze and the Chaos Medal, and is there a connection between the Ooze and the Chaos?
Mike: We wished.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I do not dare, I do not dare. And if we found out, we'd be even more intimidated than we already are.
David S. Kong: Some intimidated by these stories.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The truthfulness intimidates us, as do the many fine details that explain the sequence of events that led to the present moment. That's the most intimidating part of all.
Tim Sackton: You're intimidated by history? What a weakling! Our history is grand!
Tim Sackton: We have lived.
Tim Sackton: For many years, Since the sad death of the great Shemat.
Tim Sackton: Hiding.
Tim Sackton: Those foolish humans thought they could kill us.
Tim Sackton: Those foolish… Shattered knife, shattered ice, hobgoblins thought they could drive us out.
Tim Sackton: No.
Tim Sackton: Even when we helped them, They betrayed us, and left us to rot in the plaguands.
Tim Sackton: And now… We finally have our chance!
Tim Sackton: the Iron Fang will rule under the banner of the Empress of Chaos, and it's all thanks to the…
Tim Sackton: Magic that surged through our land just… Three months ago.
Tim Sackton: Two months ago.
Tim Sackton: Some number of months ago.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I have trouble reading calendars.
David S. Kong: What happened, then?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Do we know?
Tim Sackton: What happened… 2….
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Does that line? Yes.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Something for… Was… that wasn't, like, the… the… Pandemonium rift in, ….
David S. Kong: 10 million scroll, maybe?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): charging, wasn't he?
Tim Sackton: No, it was when Apollyon's… Prison ended.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Huh.
Tim Sackton: A few days after Apollyon died, when his prison unraveled.
David S. Kong: I think we'd be really scared to learn… share stories about that ooze. That ooze sounds really scary.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, I'm so scared I can't even ask a question.
Tim Sackton: We do not.
Mike: I do need to know….
Tim Sackton: near that city.
Tim Sackton: But… Once the Empress of Chaos.
Tim Sackton: takes control of the magic. We will control everything!
Tim Sackton: She will control everything. We are but her humble servants, as will you be.
Tim Sackton: Properly.
David S. Kong: Alright.
Mike: That's a great place to leave it.
Mike: I think that maybe we could start… we could probably interrogate this guy a little bit more next time, but I… I do need to go to bed. Yes. And I want to detect thoughts and, like, probe his mind a little bit more.
David S. Kong: Nobody, nobody, nobody tells Seeker about the Chaos Medal.
Mike: Yeah, correct.
Mike: Chaos medal.
David S. Kong: If anybody mentions anything….
Mike: Don't worry, Eric.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Metal only.
David S. Kong: It's, yeah, metal, no chaos medal, just, just….
Tim Sackton: Yeah, just forget it.
David S. Kong: Fair.
Mike: Very boring, just sheets of tinfoil.
David S. Kong: Periodic tables, it's so dull.
Mike: ping….
David S. Kong: No chaos, nothing magical, chaos.
Tim Sackton: We will pick up with the conclusion of the interrogation next week, next week.
David S. Kong: I'll see you guys.
Mike: Alright guys, good night.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's a ghosting.
Eric Rosenbaum: minimum.